This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, one diningroom, one living room, one corridor, two bedrooms, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.