This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living room, one terrace, one bedroom, one aisle, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.