This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, three living rooms, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one is completely empty. The second living room contains two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third living room contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.