This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one other room, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains three coffee table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.