This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living room, one master bedroom, one library, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one laundry room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.