This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one living room, one diningroom, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.