This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.