This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one corridor, three bedrooms, and one other room.  Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.