This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, two bedrooms, three other rooms, one hallway, one aisle, one bathroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.