This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living room, two balconies, one kitchen, one aisle, one bedroom, one library, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme.