This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.