This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.