This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, two other rooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.