This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one corridor, one bathroom, one balcony, one library, one terrace, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.