This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bathrooms, two other rooms, one kids room, one bedroom, two living dining rooms, one kitchen, two balconies, and one library. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.