This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one aisle, one master bedroom, one kids room, one balcony, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.