This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one corridor, two kitchens, three bathrooms, one bedroom, one other room, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .