This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .