This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has three bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one other room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.