This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.