This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, two living dining rooms, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one other room, one second bathroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .