This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, two living dining rooms, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.