This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.