This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bathrooms, one master bedroom, one laundry room, two kids rooms, one elderly room, one kitchen, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material.