This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bathroom, two other rooms, one cloak room, one second bathroom, one library, one balcony, one living room, one living dining room, one diningroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The second living room, which is a living dining room comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Metal material.