This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one storage room, two bedrooms, one corridor, one hallway, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .