This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one hallway, one living dining room, one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one laundry room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.