This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one other room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains seven dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.