This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .