This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes six chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two wine cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.