This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bathrooms, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.