This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one hallway, one aisle, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.