This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one terrace, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.