This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .