This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three other rooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, one corridor, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.