This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one other room, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one elderly room, one library, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.