This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.