This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.