This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one second bathroom, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes five chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Neoclassical style . The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.