This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one cloak room, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style .