This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one storage room, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one other room, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .