This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second living room, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.