This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one living room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.