This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one library, two bedrooms, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.