This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one hallway, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.