This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.