This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, three bathrooms, two kitchens, one diningroom, two living rooms, one aisle, and three other rooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second living room contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.