This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two second bathrooms, one balcony, one cloak room, one laundry room, four other rooms, one kitchen, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.