This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, three other rooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.