This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one kids room, one living dining room, two second bathrooms, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material.