This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one other room, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it includes contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains nine ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one barstool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.