This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one library, one balcony, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .