This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, three balconies, one living dining room, one aisle, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.