This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains contains three pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material.