This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one nanny room, one second bathroom, one library, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.