This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one library, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one living dining room, one balcony, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.