This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one aisle, one kids room, one kitchen, one hallway, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The third bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .