This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has three other rooms, one kids room, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, and two second bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains six pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.