This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one hallway, one aisle, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes three dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.