This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one balcony, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme.