This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one master bathroom, one corridor, one living dining room, one cloak room, one other room, and one terrace. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.