This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one balcony, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains four pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .