This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one diningroom, one kitchen, one living room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, five other rooms, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.