This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .