This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.