This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one hallway, one corridor, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one other room, one kitchen, one library, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.