This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one library, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.