This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.