This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, two bedrooms, one corridor, two kitchens, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes five dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.