This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one library, one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes three coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .