This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.