This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living room, it includes includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Nordic style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.