This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two balconies, one other room, four equipmentrooms, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.