This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, two balconies, one kids room, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one library, one kitchen, one aisle, and four other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.