This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one living room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one diningroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.