This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.