This house contains twenty rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bedrooms, one hallway, eight other rooms, one aisle, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one library, two kitchens, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. The fourth bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.