This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, two aisles, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.