This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes two ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.