This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one bedroom, one other room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one storage room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes three dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.