This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one hallway, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one cloak room, one bedroom, one other room, one storage room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.