This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, three other rooms, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.