This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one cloak room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.