This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has three other rooms, one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one round end table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.