This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two other rooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one corridor, one cloak room, one master bathroom, one balcony, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes six armchair with Modern style . Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes two wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.