This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .