This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kids room, one balcony, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, two aisles, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .