This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .