This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, two bedrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material.