This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.