This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.