This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, six other rooms, two bedrooms, one library, two kitchens, one aisle, one second bathroom, and three master bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains seven dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes three Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The fourth bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The fifth bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.