This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises three Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.