This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one bathroom, and two balconies. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains three coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises four chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.