This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one living dining room, one storage room, one aisle, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains seven dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises three wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.