This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one living dining room, two other rooms, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one aisle, one bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.