This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, one other room, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one desk with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.