This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one corridor, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.