This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.