This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, three balconies, one library, one nanny room, two second bathrooms, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises seven dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.