This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one master bedroom, one library, one nanny room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one cloak room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.