This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one other room, one living dining room, one kitchen, and three bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.