This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.