This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kids room, three bedrooms, one living room, one diningroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, two bathrooms, two aisles, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes three coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes three armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material.