This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes five chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains four nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .