This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.