This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.