This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living room, two other rooms, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one lounge. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.