This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one hallway, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.