This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one balcony, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one kitchen, two master bedrooms, one bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material.