This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one hallway, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.