This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, two bedrooms, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .