This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bathrooms, one kitchen, four bedrooms, one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one aisle, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes three Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.