This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two other rooms, one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains five dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.