This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.