This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.