This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises three dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.