This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.