This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.