This house contains nineteen rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one library, one master bedroom, four equipmentrooms, one bedroom, two balconies, one hallway, one kitchen, one aisle, one master bathroom, one living room, one diningroom, two cloak rooms, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.