This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, three other rooms, one bathroom, one master bedroom, two living dining rooms, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .