This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, three bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one living room, and one diningroom. Regarding the living room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool, with Cartoon theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.