This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bathroom, one hallway, one other room, one cloak room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.