This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two equipmentrooms, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.