This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.