This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one living dining room, one bathroom, one corridor, two other rooms, one hallway, one master bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material.