This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.