This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, four other rooms, one balcony, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the master bedroom, it contains contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.