This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.