This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has three hallwaies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one library, one kids room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living room, one diningroom, one terrace, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .