This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, two diningrooms, one bathroom, two kitchens, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Vintage style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.