This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, two other rooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one storage room, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material.