This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two other rooms, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.