This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one living dining room, one library, one kitchen, one balcony, two hallwaies, two master bedrooms, three other rooms, one kids room, two second bathrooms, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.