This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.