This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.