This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, three balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes three coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes four wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.