This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two balconies, four equipmentrooms, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one other room, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .