This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bedrooms, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, two balconies, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. The fourth bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.