This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one living room, one other room, and two aisles. Regarding the living room, it includes contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two round end table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.