This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, two bedrooms, one balcony, one hallway, one corridor, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one other room, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. The third bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.