This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises seven armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises four wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.