This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kids room, one second bathroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, one aisle, one cloak room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.