This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one living room, one kitchen, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living room, it contains contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.