This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one second bathroom, one library, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one other room, one kitchen, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.