This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one storage room, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.