This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.