This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one courtyard, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, one terrace, one hallway, one aisle, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .