This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two other rooms, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains three desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material.