This house contains eighteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, three bedrooms, three bathrooms, one diningroom, one kitchen, two hallwaies, one living room, one aisle, one cloak room, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises three chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material.