This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one kitchen, three bedrooms, two bathrooms, two balconies, one living room, one other room, one aisle, one laundry room, and one diningroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises three wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.