This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, one other room, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style .