This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one living dining room, two other rooms, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .