This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, three bedrooms, one living room, two balconies, one bathroom, one lounge, one library, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises three coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with European style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.