This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.