This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one elderly room, one master bedroom, one kids room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes five ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.