This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has four other rooms, two terraces, one kitchen, one living dining room, two bedrooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material.