This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.