This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.