This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.