This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme.