This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one other room, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.