This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one elderly room, one bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one other room, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.