This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises three pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material.