This house contains twenty-one rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, five bedrooms, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, six other rooms, one living dining room, one library, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one living room, one diningroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one round end table with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. The second living room includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .