This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one hallway, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.