This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, four other rooms, one kids room, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes four ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .