This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, three balconies, one kids room, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes three dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .