This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .