This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one other room, one storage room, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .