This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one library, one master bedroom, one diningroom, one bedroom, one living room, two other rooms, and one corridor. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Sideboard with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.