This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.