This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .