This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, three bedrooms, one balcony, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.