This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one storage room, one balcony, one kitchen, one stairwell, one other room, and three bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.