This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.