This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one library, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.