This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two corridors, one cloak room, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises two coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes three wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.