This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.