This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one hallway, one kitchen, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes four wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.