This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.