This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one aisle, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.