This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kids room, one living room, one other room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two wine cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one round end table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.