This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one hallway, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one cloak room, one bedroom, one other room, one storage room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.