This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes three wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.