This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes seven dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.