This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the master bedroom, it includes comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.