This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, two balconies, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two second bathrooms, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.