This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.