This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, three bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises four barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.