This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, three bedrooms, one bathroom, one cloak room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.