This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one balcony, two other rooms, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes four ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes four ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.