This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, one storage room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .