This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.