This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one hallway, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.