This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.