This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material.