This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains two round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .