This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.