This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, two other rooms, one kitchen, one master bedroom, two master bathrooms, three second bathrooms, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.