This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has five other rooms, one master bedroom, one library, one master bathroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it includes contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.