This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living room, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, one terrace, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.