This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one library, one corridor, one cloak room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.