This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, two kitchens, one master bathroom, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one kids room, one bedroom, two balconies, three other rooms, one living dining room, and two stairwells. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.