This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one laundry room, one aisle, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.