This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material.