This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one library, one master bathroom, one kids room, one hallway, one balcony, one bathroom, one stairwell, one living dining room, one bedroom, one cloak room, one kitchen, one aisle, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.