This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one balcony, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, one living room, one library, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes three wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.