This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises eight dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.