This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kids room, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material.