This house contains thirty-five rooms. More specifically, it has one garage, three living rooms, one aisle, one bathroom, eight bedrooms, one kitchen, seven other rooms, three lounges, two storage rooms, one master bathroom, one balcony, two terraces, two libraries, and two courtyards. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second living room includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises three coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third living room includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The fourth bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The fifth bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The sixth bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The seventh bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The last bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.