This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.