This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, one kids room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes five ceiling lamp with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.