This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one kids bed with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.