This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains four Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.