This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, one master bedroom, three balconies, one kitchen, one bathroom, one cloak room, one bedroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .