This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises three wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .