This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has four bedrooms, one kitchen, one library, one living room, two bathrooms, one diningroom, and two aisles. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. The fourth bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.