This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, four bedrooms, three bathrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises three nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The fourth bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.