This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material.