This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one other room, three bedrooms, two nanny rooms, one kitchen, four bathrooms, one cloak room, one library, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .