This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, three bathrooms, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.