This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one balcony, one library, two bedrooms, one kids room, one living dining room, one hallway, one kitchen, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.