This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, two balconies, one bedroom, two bathrooms, and one diningroom. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.