This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.