This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, one bathroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one balcony, one bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .