This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living room, one other room, two balconies, one hallway, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it includes contains six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.