This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, two other rooms, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.