This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one aisle, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.