This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.