This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes four stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.