This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.