This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one bedroom, one kids room, one elderly room, one master bedroom, three aisles, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.