This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material.