This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one hallway, one other room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes six chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.