This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises eight dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes two Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.