This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, two aisles, one master bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, two balconies, two bedrooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.