This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one corridor, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.