This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, two other rooms, one bedroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .