This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one balcony, two other rooms, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Also, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .