This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two libraries, one balcony, two kitchens, one second bathroom, three other rooms, one living dining room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom is completely empty.