This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and four other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .