This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one hallway, one master bathroom, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes four pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.