This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, two balconies, one other room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.