This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, one corridor, one bathroom, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.