This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two balconies, one living room, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .