This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one laundry room, two balconies, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material.