This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has five other rooms, one living dining room, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two kitchens, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes eight dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises three nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material.