This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .