This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .