This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one kitchen, one living room, two bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains three Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains three wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.