This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, four bedrooms, two bathrooms, one kitchen, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom is completely empty. The fourth bedroom includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.