This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.