This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.