This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has six other rooms, one hallway, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.