This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, one library, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.