This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one laundry room, one balcony, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains two ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .