This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains three stool with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.