This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.