This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.