This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one cloak room, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one elderly room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two chair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme.