This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one other room, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains includes four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.