This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one hallway, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material.