This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one elderly room, one diningroom, one second bathroom, one hallway, one balcony, one terrace, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one living room, one master bathroom, one other room, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living room, it includes contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.