This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.