This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one library, one bathroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises eight dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.