This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one library, two bedrooms, one diningroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living room, one kitchen, two aisles, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .