This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .