This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, one library, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.