This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one master bedroom, one storage room, one living dining room, two second bathrooms, one bedroom, one library, one kids room, one master bathroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes five ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.