This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bathrooms, two bedrooms, one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.