This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises five pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.