This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, two aisles, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.