This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes three Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .