This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, two balconies, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.