This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains five dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises three Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .