This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one living dining room, two balconies, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one aisle, three bedrooms, one storage room, and one laundry room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one round end table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.