This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, two balconies, one master bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.