This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one other room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.