This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two other rooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one elderly room, one bedroom, one library, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains three Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises three wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises four wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes three stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.