This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, one cloak room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.