This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.