This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, two bathrooms, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one other room, one living dining room, one aisle, and three equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material.