This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one stairwell, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.