This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one other room, one second bathroom, one kitchen, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.