This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .