This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one library, two master bedrooms, one living room, one aisle, one master bathroom, one cloak room, one kitchen, and two corridors. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.