This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .