This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two balconies, one elderly room, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one aisle, one laundry room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Ming Qing style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .