This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, five other rooms, one bathroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes three coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.