This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, one other room, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains nine barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes four nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.