This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one diningroom, one lounge, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one other room, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes four Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.