This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one hallway, one bathroom, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .