This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one library, one balcony, one bedroom, two kitchens, one other room, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two barstool with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style .