This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one kids room, one living room, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains contains two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedroom, it includes includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.