This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one diningroom, one living room, two corridors, one kitchen, two second bathrooms, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.