This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, two other rooms, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one elderly room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material.