This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one living room, one bathroom, one hallway, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.