This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, one library, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one cloak room, and four other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Vintage style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one round end table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.