This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.