This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bathrooms, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.