This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .