This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one corridor, one kitchen, one library, one master bathroom, one storage room, one living dining room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.