This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes five dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.