This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one laundry room, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.