This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two master bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, and seven other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The fourth bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.