This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one hallway, one kitchen, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains five pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes three armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.