This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one aisle, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains five dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.