This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.