This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.