This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.