This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, two aisles, two master bathrooms, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one kids room, one bathroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.