This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, two bedrooms, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .