This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one other room, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.