This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one lounge, one kitchen, one library, one balcony, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one cloak room, one diningroom, one other room, and one hallway. Regarding the living room, it includes includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.