This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, two balconies, one master bedroom, one elderly room, one library, three bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, two aisles, one storage room, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.