This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one storage room, one kitchen, one balcony, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, two second bathrooms, one cloak room, one other room, one hallway, one library, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.