This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains five dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.