This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one master bathroom, one hallway, one living room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one library, one lounge, one diningroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it contains contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains three coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two wine cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.