This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains three Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.