This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one laundry room, one living room, one kitchen, one library, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.