This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes three wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .