This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, two other rooms, one kids room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.