This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, one courtyard, one library, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises two dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Ming Qing style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one round end table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedroom, it includes contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme.