This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one diningroom, one kids room, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living room, one hallway, one aisle, and one cloak room. Regarding the living room, it includes contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.