This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one terrace, two balconies, one master bedroom, three other rooms, two living dining rooms, one library, one auditorium, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes six dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises three coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with European Classic style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room comprises one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material.