This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one diningroom, two bedrooms, one library, one master bathroom, one living room, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one bathroom, one aisle, one storage room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.