This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one library, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.