This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kids room, one library, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes three wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.