This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has three bathrooms, three balconies, three bedrooms, one diningroom, one living room, one hallway, one terrace, one kitchen, and one cloak room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains three coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.