This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one living room, one elderly room, one kids room, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one hallway, one cloak room, one master bathroom, one aisle, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains three wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style .