This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, three bedrooms, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes four chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .