This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, two bedrooms, one laundry room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.