This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one corridor, three bedrooms, and one other room.  Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.