This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one kitchen, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.