This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, three equipmentrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, one other room, two bathrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .