This house contains twenty-four rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, two living dining rooms, one balcony, one master bedroom, fifteen other rooms, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.