This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two balconies, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one lounge, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.