This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bathrooms, two other rooms, one kids room, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, two balconies, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.