This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, two balconies, one kids room, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one library, one kitchen, one aisle, and four other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.