This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one balcony, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style .