This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one library, two balconies, one living room, one diningroom, one other room, three bathrooms, one cloak room, and one storage room. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.