This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bathrooms, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, two equipmentrooms, one other room, and one terrace. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The third bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.