This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one kids room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style .