This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes four chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.