This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes three coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.