This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one lounge, one balcony, one hallway, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one library, one kids room, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.