This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, two balconies, two bathrooms, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one other room, one living dining room, one library, one aisle, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.