This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two corridors, one cloak room, one kitchen, one balcony, three bedrooms, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.