This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, one bathroom, one living room, one storage room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .