This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material.