This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, three balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.