This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, two aisles, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material.