This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one aisle, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one kids bed, with Cartoon theme, and Leather material.