This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kids room, one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.