This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .