This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.