This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .