This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, one bathroom, one other room, one kitchen, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two coffee table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.