This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains three Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.