This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one balcony, two bedrooms, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .