This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one hallway, two bathrooms, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.