This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.