This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, and three bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.