This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one hallway, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.