This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living room, one other room, two balconies, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it includes includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.