This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, two equipmentrooms, one terrace, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one balcony, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style .