This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, two bathrooms, two bedrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.