This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one library, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.