This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, two bedrooms, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.