This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .