This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one library, two bathrooms, one bedroom, one kids room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one cloak room, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises eight dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.