This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, three bedrooms, one other room, one diningroom, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with New Chinese style , with Rivet theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material.