This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.