This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bathrooms, one hallway, one corridor, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.