This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one hallway, one aisle, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.