This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises four wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.