This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one barstool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one round end table with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains three wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.