This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one storage room, two balconies, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one library, one kitchen, two bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes eight dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.