This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one hallway, three other rooms, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.