This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, one aisle, one bedroom, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes three Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.