This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises five pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.