This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, one aisle, one other room, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes four armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .