This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kids room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.