This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one other room, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.