This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Suede material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Neoclassical style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.