This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one living room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.