This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.