This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.