This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one aisle, one lounge, one master bedroom, two balconies, two master bathrooms, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one kids room, and five other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.