This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one library, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.