This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.