This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme.