This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one library, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one cloak room, one master bedroom, one balcony, one kids room, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.