This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one round end table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .