This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one round end table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .