This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one storage room, one aisle, one kitchen, one hallway, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.