This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.