This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two balconies, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.