This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kids room, one bedroom, one cloak room, one other room, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.