This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one hallway, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .