This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, two other rooms, one library, one living room, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains three coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style .