This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.