This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one hallway, four bedrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The fourth bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.