This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living room, one library, two bedrooms, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.