This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one library, one master bathroom, one other room, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.