This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one laundry room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.