This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one other room, one corridor, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.