This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one library, one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises three coffee table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .