This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.