This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, one corridor, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.