This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one aisle, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.