This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one master bathroom, one living room, one library, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material.