This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living room, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one diningroom, one kitchen, two bathrooms, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it contains contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.