This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.