This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one aisle, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.