This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one round end table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .