This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.