This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one cloak room, one living room, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one other room, one balcony, one kids room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.