This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one aisle, one kitchen, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.