This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes four ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.