This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bathrooms, one kids room, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one bedroom, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.