This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.