This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one corridor, one kitchen, one master bathroom, four equipmentrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains five dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.