This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.