This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living room, one bathroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.