This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme.