This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.