This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one corridor, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.