This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one balcony, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one library, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.