This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two armchair with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.