This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.