This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one hallway, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes three Corner Table with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.