This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one hallway, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.