This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one elderly room, one bathroom, two other rooms, one bedroom, one library, two kitchens, one balcony, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.