This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains four Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes five stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one round end table with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains three shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.