This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two dining chair with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.