This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living room, one bathroom, three bedrooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.