This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one kids room, one living dining room, one kitchen, one corridor, one second bathroom, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.