This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one bedroom, one cloak room, one library, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.