This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.