This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one laundry room, one master bathroom, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one library, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one coffee table with Nordic style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.