This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, two bedrooms, one corridor, one master bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .