This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.