This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises three dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .