This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one library, one bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one round end table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.