This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kids room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.