This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, one bedroom, one hallway, one bathroom, one corridor, one cloak room, one master bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, and two other rooms. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains two dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Neoclassical style . Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.