This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one hallway, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises six chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.