This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kids room, one master bathroom, two balconies, one bathroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one corridor, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .