This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bedroom, one kids room, one balcony, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one other room, and one cloak room. Regarding the living room, it contains includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.