This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one elderly room, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one other room, one cloak room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style .