This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises four Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.