This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two other rooms, three bedrooms, one living room, one bathroom, one cloak room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes includes two pendant lamp with Minimalist style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.