This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, two living dining rooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one other room, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises three dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.