This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one laundry room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .