This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, three equipmentrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, one other room, two bathrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.