This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, three balconies, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one corridor, one master bedroom, one library, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, one cloak room, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Composition material.