This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one hallway, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material.