This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one other room, one living dining room, one kitchen, and three bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.