This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one kids room, two balconies, four bathrooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes eight chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material.