This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two living dining rooms, one master bathroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room is completely empty. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.