This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one elderly room, one bedroom, two balconies, one aisle, one cloak room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises five dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.