This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has four balconies, two equipmentrooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, one living dining room, one library, two bedrooms, two aisles, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material.