This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, one hallway, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.