This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, three equipmentrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains one dining chair with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises five pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.