This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bathrooms, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.