This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one hallway, three other rooms, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one library, one master bathroom, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .