This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bathroom, one kids room, one master bedroom, one living room, one balcony, one library, one master bathroom, one elderly room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it includes two Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.