This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, two balconies, one kitchen, one bathroom, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.