This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bathrooms, one balcony, three bedrooms, one living dining room, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.