This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.