This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one storage room, two balconies, one library, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.