This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one bedroom, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .