This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one balcony, one library, two bedrooms, one kids room, one living dining room, one hallway, one aisle, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.