This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .