This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one living dining room, three other rooms, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.