This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, two aisles, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one other room, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.