This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one aisle, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains two dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two barstool with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .