This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one hallway, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.