This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, two balconies, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one living room, one hallway, one kitchen, one corridor, and two storage rooms. Regarding the living room, it contains contains five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .