This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, two kitchens, one elderly room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.