This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains three wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.