This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes three Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.