This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one storage room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .