This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.