This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, six other rooms, one hallway, one balcony, one master bedroom, one corridor, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.