This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one library, one laundry room, one kitchen, one kids room, one master bathroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes four pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.