This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes two dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.