This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains five ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes four wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.