This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, two aisles, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.