This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style .