This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one living dining room, one lounge, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.