This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.