This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, two kitchens, one aisle, one bedroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.