This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.