This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .