This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one laundry room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.