This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one kids room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one balcony, one living room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material.