This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one balcony, one hallway, two equipmentrooms, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.