This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one hallway, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.