This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one kitchen, one balcony, one master bathroom, one aisle, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.