This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, two bedrooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises five dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.