This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, two living dining rooms, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one elderly room, one bedroom, one kids room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .