This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one kids room, one balcony, one bedroom, two other rooms, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes three dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.