This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kids room, one living dining room, one aisle, one other room, one kitchen, two bathrooms, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.