This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.