This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one bathroom, one second bathroom, one living dining room, one hallway, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Suede material.