This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.