This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one balcony, one kitchen, one diningroom, one other room, one master bedroom, two master bathrooms, one corridor, one cloak room, one second bathroom, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises three coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.