This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one aisle, one bathroom, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .