This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains four chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.