This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three bathrooms, two kitchens, three bedrooms, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style .