This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one library, one kitchen, two other rooms, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .