This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one library, two balconies, one living room, one diningroom, one other room, three bathrooms, one cloak room, and one storage room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.