This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes five dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.