This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.