This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one diningroom, two bedrooms, one library, one master bathroom, one living room, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one bathroom, one aisle, one storage room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material.