This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one hallway, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .