This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, two bedrooms, one corridor, one bathroom, two kitchens, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.