This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two living dining rooms, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises four chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Neoclassical style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material.