This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, two kitchens, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one library, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.