This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.