This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one kids room, one living dining room, one kitchen, one library, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises two coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Ming Qing style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .