This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one other room, one aisle, and one cloak room. Regarding the living room, it contains contains five dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .