This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, four bedrooms, one aisle, one kitchen, one living dining room, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The fourth bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .