This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material.