This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Neoclassical style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.