This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one kids room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.