This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, three other rooms, one bathroom, one master bedroom, two living dining rooms, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .