This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises four armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.