This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.