This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, two other rooms, one master bedroom, one kids room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Nordic style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.