This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.