This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.