This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one other room, three bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, and three bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains five dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.