This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, one kids room, one kitchen, one aisle, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one bedroom, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains three Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.