This house contains twenty-one rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, two living rooms, three master bedrooms, one hallway, one master bathroom, one diningroom, two libraries, two bedrooms, five other rooms, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and one cloak room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second living room contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The fourth bedroom contains three nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The fifth bedroom is completely empty.