This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two equipmentrooms, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains four pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style .