This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one other room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes three wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.