This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two master bedrooms, one bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one diningroom, and one library. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.