This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two master bedrooms, two balconies, one other room, one bathroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.