This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one library, one kids room, one hallway, one living dining room, one master bathroom, two second bathrooms, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.