This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one stairwell, one balcony, one living room, one hallway, one diningroom, two bathrooms, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.