This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one aisle, one bathroom, two kitchens, one master bedroom, one lounge, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.