This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one library, one laundry room, one bathroom, one master bathroom, and one non. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.