This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one master bathroom, two balconies, one living room, two aisles, one library, one diningroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one other room, one cloak room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.