This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material.