This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one kitchen, one bathroom, one living room, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it contains includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.