This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has four other rooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.