This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two other rooms, one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.