This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, two balconies, one bathroom, one diningroom, one corridor, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes three coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with American Country style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material.