This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, two second bathrooms, two kitchens, two balconies, one kids room, two master bedrooms, one bedroom, two master bathrooms, one living dining room, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.