This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two aisles, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it contains includes four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.