This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one elderly room, one master bedroom, one kids room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains five ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.