This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style .