This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one terrace, one living room, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.