This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes three dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.