This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.