This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one corridor, one bedroom, three balconies, two equipmentrooms, one bathroom, one diningroom, one living room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.