This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, two bathrooms, one living dining room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Suede material.