This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one balcony, one bathroom, one auditorium, two bedrooms, one library, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.