This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has three bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one other room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.