This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one kids room, two balconies, one bathroom, one master bathroom, two second bathrooms, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains three Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes eight chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.