This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.