This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, two balconies, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.