This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.