This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one laundry room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains four armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with European Classic style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.