This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, three balconies, one kitchen, one aisle, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.