This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one laundry room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.