This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, two living dining rooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one elderly room, one bedroom, one kids room, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .