This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living room, one hallway, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes includes six dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.