This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, two balconies, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material.