This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.