This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.