This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one round end table with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.