This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one bathroom, one aisle, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.