This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.