This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living room, one other room, one corridor, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.