This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one cloak room, one master bathroom, two kitchens, one second bathroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Stone material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.