This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one library, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one living room, one other room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The fourth bedroom includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material.