This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one hallway, one corridor, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .