This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bathrooms, one library, two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one hallway, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .