This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, one balcony, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, five other rooms, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains eight pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.