This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one other room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.