This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one aisle, two balconies, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.