This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one balcony, two master bedrooms, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one other room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes three Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises three wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.