This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.