This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes four stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.