This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, two hallwaies, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one elderly room, one library, one kids room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.