This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one living dining room, two bedrooms, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.