This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two equipmentrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.