This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one balcony, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one stairwell, one other room, one terrace, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material.