This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.