This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, three bedrooms, two balconies, one bathroom, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .