This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one living dining room, one laundry room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.