This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.