This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, two balconies, one library, one living room, one diningroom, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.