This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one hallway, four other rooms, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and two balconies. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.