This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one storage room, two balconies, two bathrooms, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one other room, one kitchen, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes eight dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.