This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .