This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes four barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.