This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.