This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one hallway, one master bedroom, one lounge, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one kids room, one library, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two round end table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.