This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.