This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one kids room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one aisle, one hallway, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.