This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains three dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises three nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Mediterranean style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.