This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.