This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style .