This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.