This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three bathrooms, one master bedroom, one kids room, one library, one living dining room, one elderly room, one kitchen, two aisles, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two round end table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.