This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one library, one bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains five pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.