This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two second bathrooms, one master bathroom, one living room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one library, one diningroom, one hallway, one other room, and two balconies. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .