This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, three balconies, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains four pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.