This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one other room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one cloak room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.