This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material.