This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has four other rooms, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and two second bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes six pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.