This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .