This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises three Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.