This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one library, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes four pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one round end table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.