This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two bathrooms, three balconies, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.