This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one kids room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains four wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.