This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, two balconies, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.