This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one hallway, one bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .