This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has five other rooms, one living dining room, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one elderly room, one stairwell, one laundry room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.