This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes five dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes four ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises four wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.