This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kids room, three other rooms, one living room, and two corridors. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme. Furthermore, it comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.