This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.