This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one kitchen, three equipmentrooms, two corridors, one master bathroom, one living room, one diningroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.