This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Leather material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.