This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, two aisles, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.