This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bathroom, one kids room, one diningroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.