This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bathroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one kitchen, two hallwaies, one other room, one laundry room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Nordic style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.