This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises three dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains four chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises four stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.