This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one living dining room, one library, one kitchen, two balconies, one bedroom, one bathroom, one aisle, one master bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .