This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, two other rooms, one master bedroom, one kids room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Nordic style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.