This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .