This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one aisle, one living room, one bathroom, one other room, one kitchen, and one cloak room. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.