This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.