This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bathrooms, one kids room, one living dining room, one library, one courtyard, two balconies, two bedrooms, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.