This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.