This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one library, one kids room, one master bedroom, one living room, one aisle, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes six dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style .