This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bathroom, one corridor, one hallway, one living dining room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom is completely empty.