This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, two bedrooms, two other rooms, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material.