This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one balcony, one bedroom, one laundry room, one bathroom, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes three dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.