This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.