This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one bedroom, two bathrooms, one aisle, one master bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes five dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.