This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, four other rooms, one bathroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.