This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains four Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.