This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one storage room, two other rooms, one living room, three hallwaies, two second bathrooms, one master bedroom, one cloak room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.