This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has three other rooms, one living room, one diningroom, one kitchen, one balcony, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.