This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one round end table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.