This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it includes includes six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.