This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one balcony, one cloak room, one second bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it includes contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.