This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.