This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one library, one kids room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.