This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living room, one bathroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.