This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material.