This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, three balconies, one living room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one elderly room, two aisles, one kitchen, and four other rooms. Regarding the living room, it contains includes six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .