This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.