This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.