This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has three living rooms, one hallway, one bedroom, one diningroom, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. The second living room contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The third living room comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes comprises four nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.