This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one library, one balcony, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .