This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, two aisles, one storage room, one master bathroom, one other room, and four equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes four wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.