This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, two kitchens, one living dining room, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes three dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .