This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one library, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one living dining room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.