This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one corridor, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material.