This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.