This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, two balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, three other rooms, one second bathroom, one storage room, one master bathroom, one corridor, and two master bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.