This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.