This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one laundry room, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style .