This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one aisle, one bedroom, one living dining room, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme.