This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one library, two second bathrooms, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one hallway, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one storage room, one aisle, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes one pendant lamp. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style .