This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.