This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one library, one kids room, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.