This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one hallway, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material.