This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .