This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains four chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains three wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.