This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one round end table with Japanese style , with Wrought Iron theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.