This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one hallway, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.