This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.