This house contains eighteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one living dining room, four bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, one aisle, one hallway, one other room, two cloak rooms, one storage room, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom is completely empty. The fourth bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.