This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one living room, one balcony, one other room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one library. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second living room comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.