This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, three bedrooms, one aisle, one kitchen, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The fourth bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .