This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one other room, one library, one living room, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains three coffee table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .