This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two master bedrooms, one second bathroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and two other rooms.  Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises seven dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.