This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises four wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.