This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one hallway, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one round end table with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.