This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one balcony, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes two dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .