This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .