This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.