This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two master bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one balcony, one second bathroom, two master bathrooms, one other room, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The fourth bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style .