This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one other room, one hallway, two aisles, one master bedroom, two balconies, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.