This house contains forty-two rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, eighteen other rooms, one diningroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one kids room, one bedroom, three balconies, three cloak rooms, one elderly room, two nanny rooms, one storage room, six bathrooms, one living dining room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one includes two coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two stool with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes three chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one single bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.