This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material.