This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one master bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one aisle, one cloak room, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes three stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .