This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one kids room, one master bedroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.