This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kids room, five other rooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .