This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one kitchen, three bedrooms, one balcony, one library, one living dining room, one other room, one corridor, one hallway, three equipmentrooms, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .