This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one laundry room, two bathrooms, one cloak room, one library, one master bedroom, one kids room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes contains eight dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains five wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.