This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one balcony, two other rooms, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises seven dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Additionally, it includes two coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains four ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes four ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.