This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one kitchen, one bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.