This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three balconies, two aisles, one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .