This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.