This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one library, one balcony, one living dining room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains three coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .