This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, three balconies, one living dining room, one corridor, one master bedroom, one library, two bedrooms, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one cloak room, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .