This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living room, one aisle, one kitchen, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.