This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one kitchen, two balconies, one living room, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one aisle, and two other rooms. Regarding the living room, it contains contains four dining chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.