This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.