This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two kitchens, two balconies, one bedroom, one master bedroom, five other rooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .