This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one library, one bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises eight dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.