This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one terrace, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one other room, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Bamboo Rattan material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.