This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.