This house contains twenty-four rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, two living dining rooms, one balcony, one master bedroom, fifteen other rooms, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.