This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one bedroom, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Neoclassical style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.