This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.