This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one equipmentroom, one diningroom, one living room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one second bathroom, one kids room, one cloak room, one kitchen, one library, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.