This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one hallway, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.