This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.