This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, three balconies, two bathrooms, one laundry room, one other room, one master bathroom, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.