This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one laundry room, one living dining room, one elderly room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains five dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .