This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one laundry room, one equipmentroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.