This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one bedroom, three other rooms, one cloak room, one living dining room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.