This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.