This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has six other rooms, one bathroom, one library, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .