This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one balcony, one other room, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.