This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one corridor, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.