This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three bedrooms, one living room, one diningroom, two bathrooms, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .