This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one storage room, one library, one kitchen, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style .