This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one bedroom, one aisle, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.