This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, one living dining room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Stone material.