This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one balcony, one bathroom, one living room, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes three Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one kids bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.