This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one ceiling lamp with Nordic style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .