This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one library, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.