This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one auditorium, one cloak room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.