This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has four other rooms, two living rooms, five bedrooms, one master bedroom, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second living room contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The fourth bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The fifth bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The sixth bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes four Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.