This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one terrace, one living dining room, one other room, one bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.