This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one library, one living room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one hallway, one living dining room, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one dining chair with Minimalist style . Moreover, it contains two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.