This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one terrace, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one other room, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Bamboo Rattan material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains three nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.