This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kids room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one lounge, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises six nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .