This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, two other rooms, one diningroom, one balcony, one library, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.