This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one hallway, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it contains four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.