This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.