This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, two living dining rooms, one library, one master bathroom, two second bathrooms, one kitchen, one kids room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, and five other rooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style .