This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two other rooms, one second bathroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one hallway, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, two kids rooms, one laundry room, one cloak room, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.