This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one equipmentroom, one corridor, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one kitchen, one bathroom, one balcony, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material.