This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one balcony, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.