This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one second bathroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one kids room, one master bathroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and six other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.