This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.