This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one other room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.