This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one master bathroom, one other room, one hallway, one second bathroom, one laundry room, one kitchen, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with American Country style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .