This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one balcony, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style .