This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.