This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.