This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one kids room, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.