This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has seven other rooms, two living rooms, one aisle, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.