This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one bedroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises three Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Leather material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.