This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one hallway, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one corridor, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.