This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material.