This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one living room, one balcony, one corridor, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .