This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one diningroom, two bathrooms, three bedrooms, one living room, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes two loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.