This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bathrooms, three bedrooms, one balcony, one living room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.