This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one living dining room, one laundry room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one shelf with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.