This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes four armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.