This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, four bedrooms, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The fourth bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.