This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one balcony, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.