This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one hallway, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.