This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one aisle, one hallway, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.