This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one laundry room, one balcony, one second bathroom, one hallway, one kitchen, one aisle, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one bedroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.