This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kids room, one second bathroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .