This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it contains contains five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material.