This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one aisle, one living dining room, one bathroom, one other room, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes three dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.