This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, two other rooms, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style .