This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes six chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.