This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table, with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style .