This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three barstool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.