This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one library, one bedroom, one diningroom, one living room, one bathroom, two other rooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .