This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, two bedrooms, one library, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .