This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one laundry room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two pendant lamp with European Classic style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.