This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one storage room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one hallway, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.