This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.