This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one kids room, one elderly room, two other rooms, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.