This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .