This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one kids room, one diningroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bathroom, one hallway, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three stool with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Composition material.