This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.