This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, three other rooms, and two master bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.