This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.