This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one laundry room, one bedroom, one kitchen, four other rooms, one aisle, one bathroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.