This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one kids room, one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living room, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.