This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, seven other rooms, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .