This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one hallway, one other room, one kids room, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one master bathroom, one bedroom, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.