This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one other room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes four Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .