This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style .