This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.