This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one laundry room, one other room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.