This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kids room, one master bedroom, three balconies, one bedroom, one kitchen, one other room, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.