This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains three Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .