This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one kids room, one elderly room, one living dining room, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes three Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.