This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.