This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one storage room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.