This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one kids room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.