This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one other room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises three wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.