This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one elderly room, one hallway, one kids room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains two dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes three Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.