This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains four chair with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.