This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, two other rooms, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.