This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one living dining room, one cloak room, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.