This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one library, two balconies, one bedroom, four other rooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.