This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.