This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes three coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.