This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .