This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.