This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one aisle, one diningroom, two bedrooms, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one round end table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.