This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bathrooms, one library, two balconies, one living dining room, one hallway, one other room, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .