This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bathrooms, three bedrooms, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, one equipmentroom, one storage room, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains four pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with New Chinese style . Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. The third bedroom comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.