This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one hallway, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one other room, one library, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes four chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one round end table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.