This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Also, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.