This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one kids room, one lounge, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, three other rooms, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.