This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one library, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one living room, and one corridor. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises five dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material.