This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.