This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.