This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one laundry room, one living dining room, one balcony, one aisle, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.