This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one balcony, two bedrooms, one living room, one master bathroom, one elderly room, one master bedroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.