This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one balcony, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.