This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two round end table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two dining chair with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.