This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bathrooms, three bedrooms, two equipmentrooms, one other room, one living dining room, one kitchen, one corridor, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.