This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living room, one bathroom, one balcony, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it contains contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises four chair with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .