This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two living dining rooms, one bedroom, one library, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room is completely empty. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.