This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises two coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style . Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material.