This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one library, one master bedroom, one other room, two aisles, one kitchen, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.