This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one storage room, one cloak room, one other room, one hallway, one corridor, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material.