This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one cloak room, and one non. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.