This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .