This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.