This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.