This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, three balconies, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, two aisles, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.