This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one living dining room, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material.