This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one living dining room, one hallway, one bathroom, two bedrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .