This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one other room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes three wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains three wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.