This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one living room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, two other rooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.