This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one balcony, one master bathroom, one aisle, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Nordic style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.