This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.