This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, one bedroom, one library, one kids room, one living room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one diningroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes three coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.