This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, one library, one other room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.