This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes three Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.