This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, one other room, two bedrooms, one living room, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it includes contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.