This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.