This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bathroom, one other room, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one aisle, one master bedroom, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one desk with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.