This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one hallway, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains six pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.