This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, three bedrooms, one bathroom, four other rooms, one living room, one diningroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.