This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.