This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, one bedroom, one library, one kids room, one living room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one diningroom, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes three coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.