This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one laundry room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.