This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one hallway, one aisle, one lounge, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one library, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.