This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one kids room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.