This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.