This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.