This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, one living room, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, two aisles, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one library, one kids room, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.