This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises four ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.