This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one living dining room, three bedrooms, two bathrooms, two balconies, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .