This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bathrooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two kids rooms, one elderly room, one laundry room, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.