This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, one kids room, two bedrooms, one laundry room, one master bedroom, one hallway, one corridor, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one living room, one master bathroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material.