This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bathroom, one hallway, one master bedroom, one living dining room, two other rooms, one laundry room, one balcony, one second bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.