This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kids room, one living dining room, one aisle, two bedrooms, one other room, one kitchen, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.