This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style .