This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bathroom, one cloak room, one library, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.