This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one library, one living dining room, one other room, one corridor, one master bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes three Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material.