This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one hallway, one second bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.