This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one library, one bathroom, one corridor, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains eight dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.