This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.