This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, two second bathrooms, one bedroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes four chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.