This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one elderly room, one living room, one kids room, one balcony, one bathroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one library, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it contains contains two dining chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.