This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one corridor, one bedroom, three balconies, two equipmentrooms, one bathroom, one diningroom, one living room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.