This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one other room, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains four armchair with Ming Qing style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material.