This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, two second bathrooms, one kitchen, one library, one corridor, one master bathroom, one other room, one bedroom, one elderly room, one diningroom, one laundry room, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.