This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.