This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two master bedrooms, one library, and one other room.  Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The fourth bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.