This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living room, one laundry room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.