This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two master bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, and seven other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The fourth bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.