This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one living room, two bedrooms, one other room, two balconies, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains contains two dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.