This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one laundry room, one equipmentroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.