This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one bathroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one kids room, one master bathroom, one hallway, one living dining room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing chair with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes three armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material.