This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.