This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one other room, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one elderly room, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, and one terrace. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises three wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains four wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.