This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one corridor, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.