This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, five other rooms, one kitchen, one aisle, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains three coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .