This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one master bathroom, one bathroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .