This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains three dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.