This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one elderly room, one master bedroom, one storage room, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one bathroom, and one laundry room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains two armchair with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.