This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one laundry room, one kitchen, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.