This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one other room, two bathrooms, one living dining room, and five bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises three coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The fourth bedroom contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.