This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.