This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one hallway, one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises three coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .