This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.