This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one balcony, three other rooms, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes three stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises three wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.