This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one other room, one master bedroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material.