This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.