This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, two balconies, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one living dining room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.