This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one kids room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .