This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has four bedrooms, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one cloak room, one corridor, four equipmentrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains three coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The fourth bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .