This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one kids room, one library, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes five dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains five ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Suede material.