This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one other room, one diningroom, and one library. Regarding the living room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one chair with Ming Qing style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.