This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one other room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one cloak room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style . Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Light Luxury style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.