This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one kids room, two other rooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.