This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two second bathrooms, one living dining room, one bedroom, one elderly room, one kids room, one other room, one hallway, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.