This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains three chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.