This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one lounge, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.