This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three bedrooms, one library, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, two aisles, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .