This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one laundry room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.