This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one bedroom, one kitchen, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.