This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, two bedrooms, three other rooms, one hallway, one aisle, one bathroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.