This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one balcony, one aisle, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.