This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one living room, one kids room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, two aisles, two cloak rooms, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.