This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.