This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one corridor, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one bedroom, one library, one hallway, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains three stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.