This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, five other rooms, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.