This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one other room, two bathrooms, one living dining room, and five bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes three coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European Classic style . The second bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The fourth bedroom comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.