This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, two balconies, one living dining room, one hallway, two kitchens, one cloak room, one aisle, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes six chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.