This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one bedroom, one storage room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one elderly room, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one living dining room, and two aisles. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.