This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kids room, one library, two second bathrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and two aisles. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .