This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one nanny room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one corridor, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes eight dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .