This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.