This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one other room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one bedroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises three dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.