This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living room, four bedrooms, one kitchen, one diningroom, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The fourth bedroom is completely empty.