This house contains twenty rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one library, one kids room, one bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one bathroom, one cloak room, one kitchen, one corridor, one master bathroom, one lounge, one storage room, and six other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .