This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one library, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises five pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.