This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bathroom, two bedrooms, one kids room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes two stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .