This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, two balconies, one hallway, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one kids room, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.