This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen, one aisle, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.