This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one library, one diningroom, one living room, one hallway, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.