This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two master bedrooms, one bedroom, one library, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one corridor, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises three coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.