This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one bedroom, one balcony, one aisle, one storage room, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.