This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one aisle, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living room, one other room, and one storage room. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises four pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material.