This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one bedroom, one balcony, one aisle, one cloak room, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.