This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Furthermore, it contains two Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains four wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.