This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one other room, one aisle, one library, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.