This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one balcony, one kids room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.