This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, one aisle, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises three coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes three wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.