This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one aisle, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .