This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living room, three balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes includes six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two wine cabinet with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.