This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one hallway, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.