This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two living dining rooms, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .