This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .