This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.