This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .