This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one laundry room, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.