This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.