This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one aisle, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .