This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one other room, one corridor, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.