This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.