This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one desk with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.