This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises three coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.