This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.