This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, one aisle, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living room, and one storage room. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material.