This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one aisle, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.