This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, four other rooms, two bedrooms, one corridor, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.