This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises five dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.