This house contains nineteen rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, two bedrooms, one library, two kitchens, three second bathrooms, one elderly room, four other rooms, one master bedroom, and three master bathrooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.