This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.