This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one hallway, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes three dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two barstool with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.