This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one corridor, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living room, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style .