This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one living dining room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two armchair with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes four chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.