This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the master bedroom, it includes contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.