This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one corridor, two bedrooms, three bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, one cloak room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises eight dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.