This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one aisle, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.