This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, two other rooms, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises five barstool with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two barstool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Stone material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.