This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one other room, one library, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. Also, it includes one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.