This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes three wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material.