This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one corridor, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one library, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.