This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one hallway, one master bathroom, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two chair with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.