This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one corridor, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.