This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, two living dining rooms, one other room, and one balcony. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains three coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.