This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, four bedrooms, one kitchen, two other rooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes three wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The fourth bedroom is completely empty.