This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one equipmentroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.