This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one living dining room, four other rooms, one kids room, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one bedroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes four pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style .