This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one aisle, one hallway, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one cloak room, two bathrooms, one library, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.