This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.