This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one library, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .