This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one storage room, one kitchen, one library, one kids room, two master bedrooms, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, two aisles, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.