This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one corridor, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .