This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one round end table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes four wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.