This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, one bathroom, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.