This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, one diningroom, one aisle, one living room, one bathroom, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one stool with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .