This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living dining room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.