This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, one aisle, two balconies, two bedrooms, one hallway, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains two tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .