This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, five bedrooms, one living dining room, one living room, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The fourth bedroom comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The fifth bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.