This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one elderly room, one master bedroom, one kids room, one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.