This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one balcony, two kitchens, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes three ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two barstool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .