This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one balcony, one elderly room, seven other rooms, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one kids room, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material.