This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, one other room, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.