This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one balcony, three bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.