This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.