This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one storage room, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.