This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, two balconies, two bedrooms, three other rooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .