This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.