This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one living room, two bathrooms, one diningroom, one kitchen, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes five coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.