This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one laundry room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two pendant lamp with European Classic style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.