This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one laundry room, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.