This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one other room, one corridor, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.