This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, three bedrooms, one living dining room, one aisle, two bathrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains three coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.