This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one diningroom, three bedrooms, one aisle, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, two balconies, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . The fourth bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style .