This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living room, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one aisle, two bedrooms, one diningroom, and one hallway. Regarding the living room, it contains includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.