This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one aisle, one other room, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .