This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, two other rooms, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bedroom, one library, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .