This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one diningroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one other room, one kitchen, one living room, one bedroom, one library, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises one pendant lamp with New Chinese style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.