This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one laundry room, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one elderly room, one bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.