This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises three wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.