This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one balcony, one other room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one library, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .