This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two libraries, two aisles, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.