This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, one balcony, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style .