This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, two other rooms, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises two dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .