This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one kids room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises six chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.