This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.