This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two kitchens, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, two bathrooms, one aisle, one hallway, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.