This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one kitchen, two equipmentrooms, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.