This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one other room, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises one dining chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. The third bedroom comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.