This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one armchair with Ming Qing style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.