This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one laundry room, one bedroom, two master bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.