This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises four armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .