This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, four bathrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, and six other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.