This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes four barstool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme.