This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one balcony, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.