This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one aisle, one library, one master bedroom, one storage room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.