This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one corridor, one laundry room, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.