This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.