This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, three equipmentrooms, two balconies, one hallway, one living dining room, one other room, one corridor, one library, two bedrooms, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises four chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style .