This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, two kitchens, one hallway, one bathroom, one aisle, one bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.