This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.