This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.