This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.