This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kids room, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.