This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has five living rooms, two corridors, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second living room includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains three Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. The third living room comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The fourth living room comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The fifth living room comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.