This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.