This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains three loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.