This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one corridor, one bedroom, three balconies, two equipmentrooms, one bathroom, one diningroom, one living room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.