This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one kids room, one other room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains four chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.