This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has three other rooms, one diningroom, one living room, three corridors, one master bedroom, one kids room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.