This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one library, one kids room, one elderly room, one kitchen, one corridor, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one living dining room, two hallwaies, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.