This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has five other rooms, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises two dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes five dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it contains one desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.