This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one living room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains contains two dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.