This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, three other rooms, one kitchen, one bedroom, one kids room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Nordic style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.