This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.