This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material.