This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.