This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one cloak room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, two balconies, one kitchen, one other room, one master bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes three wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme.