This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one balcony, one terrace, three bedrooms, one other room, one kitchen, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The fourth bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .