This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.