This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .