This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three barstool with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.