This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes five dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.