This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, one bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains three Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme. Additionally, it includes two chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .