This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one laundry room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material.