This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains five dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises five ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains four wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.