This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style .