This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one library, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.