This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one hallway, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.