This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises five dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.