This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, two other rooms, one diningroom, one balcony, one library, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.