This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, two other rooms, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises three wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style .