This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one storage room, one master bathroom, two second bathrooms, one kids room, one bedroom, one living dining room, three balconies, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one other room, one kitchen, and one lounge. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.