This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, and five other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.