This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one balcony, two other rooms, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style .