This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, two bedrooms, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.