This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two kitchens, one balcony, four bathrooms, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material.