This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, one elderly room, one other room, one living dining room, one kids room, and two corridors. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.