This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .