This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. The third bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.