This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .