This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains four chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.