This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one laundry room, one kitchen, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.