This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .