This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one elderly room, one living dining room, one bathroom, one laundry room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Industrial style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .