This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains six chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .