This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one second bathroom, one living room, one master bathroom, two other rooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.