This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.