This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, two bedrooms, one aisle, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.