This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, two bathrooms, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.