This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one library, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.