This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.