This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, five other rooms, one kids room, two storage rooms, one corridor, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one master bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes five dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .