This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, four other rooms, one balcony, and one bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains five pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.