This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.