This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one aisle, one library, two bedrooms, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .