This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, two balconies, one bathroom, one diningroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes three coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with American Country style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material.