This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one living room, one balcony, two other rooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.