This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises three Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one kids bed with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.