This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.