This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one aisle, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.