This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes four chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one desk with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.