This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .