This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, two bathrooms, one balcony, one master bedroom, one library, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.