This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one aisle, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.