This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one storage room, one bathroom, three other rooms, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.