This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material.