This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises three Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.