This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kids room, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one diningroom, two corridors, three equipmentrooms, one living room, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .