This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, three other rooms, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .