This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one library, one aisle, one bedroom, one diningroom, one hallway, one living room, one balcony, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Also, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.