This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .