This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.