This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.