This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one other room, one bedroom, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .