This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one laundry room, two bedrooms, and two balconies. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material.