This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.