This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains six chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .