This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two corridors, one aisle, three bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes five dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .