This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one kids room, one living dining room, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.