This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one kitchen, one bedroom, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one living room, one balcony, one kids room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .