This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, two other rooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it comprises two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.