This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.