This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one corridor, one master bathroom, one kids room, one balcony, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.