This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.