This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, two bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one library, one corridor, one master bathroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.