This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, two balconies, three equipmentrooms, one kitchen, one other room, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.