This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one other room, one living dining room, one bathroom, one balcony, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.