This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, two bedrooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material.