This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, one bathroom, one library, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material.