This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one master bedroom, three bathrooms, two balconies, one bedroom, one aisle, three kitchens, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.