This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, two other rooms, one aisle, one master bedroom, one kids room, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.