This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one hallway, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises five dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes three Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.