This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains six Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.