This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, one corridor, three bedrooms, one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one balcony. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.