This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one aisle, one hallway, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two coffee table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style . Additionally, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.