This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.