This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes four chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises four stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.