This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one second bathroom, one hallway, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.