This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one aisle, one kitchen, one kids room, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.