This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, and three bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Ming Qing style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.