This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two living dining rooms, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.