This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bedrooms, one master bedroom, two other rooms, two master bathrooms, one kitchen, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one desk with Mediterranean style . The fourth bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.