This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.