This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes six armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one chair with Ming Qing style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .