This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, three balconies, one living room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one elderly room, two aisles, one kitchen, and four other rooms. Regarding the living room, it comprises contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .