This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kids room, one library, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains three wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.