This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, one diningroom, one bedroom, one corridor, one terrace, one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two chair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.