This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one living dining room, two master bedrooms, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one hallway, one kitchen, one aisle, and four other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The fourth bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.