This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material.