This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .