This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one library, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains three Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.