This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one storage room, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one other room, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes five dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material.