This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.