This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, two living dining rooms, and one bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room is completely empty. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .