This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living room, two bedrooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises five dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two ceiling lamp with Kids style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.