This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material.