This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, two living dining rooms, one other room, and one balcony. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.