This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one elderly room, one master bedroom, one kids room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises five ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.