This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two other rooms, one living dining room, one kids room, one balcony, one bedroom, two master bathrooms, two kitchens, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes three coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains four wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.