This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one lounge, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.