This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one hallway, one kitchen, one other room, one storage room, one bathroom, one corridor, two bedrooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes five ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.