This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .