This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.