This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one other room, one master bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it includes comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.