This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, one diningroom, one living room, one corridor, two bedrooms, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.