This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, three living rooms, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one is completely empty. The second living room comprises two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third living room comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two coffee table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.