This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one other room, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises three coffee table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.