This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one master bedroom, two balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, three bathrooms, one bedroom, and seven other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.