This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bedroom, one storage room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, and one library. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .