This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living room, one master bedroom, one library, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one laundry room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.