This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one cloak room, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes two wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes four nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains two desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.