This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, two bedrooms, three other rooms, one hallway, one aisle, one bathroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.