This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one bedroom, three other rooms, one cloak room, one living dining room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.