This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one hallway, one kitchen, one living dining room, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes four pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.