This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.