This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .