This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one kids room, two living dining rooms, one other room, two master bedrooms, one bedroom, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second living room, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.