This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, three balconies, one other room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and three second bathrooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes three wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .