This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one hallway, one living dining room, one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one laundry room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.