This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one other room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains seven dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.