This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bathrooms, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.