This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one equipmentroom, one living dining room, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.