This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one second bathroom, one living dining room, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.