This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one second bathroom, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes five chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Neoclassical style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.