This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second living room, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.