This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one kids room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .