This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.