This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material.