This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one library, one kids room, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains three ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.