This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, three other rooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.