This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one library, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and two cloak rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.