This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one other room, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes nine ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one barstool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.