This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one library, one balcony, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Also, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .