This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, three balconies, one living dining room, one aisle, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.