This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.