This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains eight dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.