This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one nanny room, one second bathroom, one library, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.