This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one aisle, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.