This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one balcony, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme.