This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one master bathroom, one corridor, one living dining room, one cloak room, one other room, and one terrace. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.