This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.