This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two equipmentrooms, three bedrooms, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one hallway, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains four ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.