This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one other room, two bedrooms, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one kitchen, one laundry room, and two terraces. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.