This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one library, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.