This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one bathroom, one kitchen, one hallway, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.