This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it comprises five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.