This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two aisles, one bedroom, one bathroom, one balcony, one living room, two other rooms, one master bedroom, one library, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living room, it includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.