This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, one kids room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one laundry room, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.