This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Nordic style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.