This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one aisle, one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one bathroom, one cloak room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.