This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, two balconies, one kids room, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one library, one kitchen, one aisle, and four other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains two tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.