This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains four Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains five chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.