This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.