This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, two second bathrooms, one master bathroom, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains six pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.