This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one cloak room, one bathroom, one second bathroom, two kitchens, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.