This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .