This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one hallway, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one cloak room, one bedroom, one other room, one storage room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.