This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one cloak room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.