This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bathroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.