This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .