This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two living rooms, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second living room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.