This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises three Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.