This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, three living dining rooms, one kids room, two bathrooms, one kitchen, and four other rooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. The third living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.