This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes three Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.