This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.