This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one bathroom, and two balconies. Regarding the living dining room, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises three coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two armchair with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains four chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.