This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises three loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.