This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one hallway, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.