This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.