This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one living dining room, two other rooms, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one aisle, one bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.