This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one corridor, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.