This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, three balconies, one library, one nanny room, two second bathrooms, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains seven dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.