This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one other room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, one balcony, one master bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes three wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises three wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.