This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one other room, one living dining room, one kitchen, and three bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.