This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.