This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one living room, one diningroom, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.