This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.