This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes four chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains four stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.