This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one living dining room, one bathroom, two balconies, two bedrooms, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.