This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, two bedrooms, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .