This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bathrooms, one kitchen, four bedrooms, one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one aisle, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes two wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes three Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.