This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two laundry rooms, one equipmentroom, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .