This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.