This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.