This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one elderly room, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.