This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, two other rooms, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.