This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, one aisle, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.