This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, three balconies, one living dining room, one hallway, one other room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .