This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, two aisles, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.