This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with New Chinese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes four wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.