This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two aisles, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one kitchen, two balconies, one master bedroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style .