This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.