This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, four other rooms, one balcony, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the master bedroom, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.