This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has three bathrooms, one living dining room, two bedrooms, seven other rooms, one master bedroom, two balconies, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.