This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.