This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, two diningrooms, one bathroom, two kitchens, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Vintage style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.