This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, two other rooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one storage room, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material.