This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two other rooms, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.