This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one diningroom, one living room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one corridor, one other room, two equipmentrooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains three Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme.