This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .