This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has six bedrooms, six bathrooms, one other room, one kitchen, one library, one lounge, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The fourth bedroom comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The fifth bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The sixth bedroom comprises one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.