This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, three balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises three coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises four wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.