This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one library, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.