This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kids room, one second bathroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, one aisle, one cloak room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.