This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one living room, one kitchen, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.