This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.