This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one aisle, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes three Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Suede material.