This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, two aisles, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .