This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.