This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one courtyard, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, one terrace, one hallway, one aisle, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .