This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, one living room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.