This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one kitchen, three bedrooms, two bathrooms, two balconies, one living room, one other room, one aisle, one laundry room, and one diningroom. Regarding the living room, it contains six dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes three wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.