This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, one other room, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style .