This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.