This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, three balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one library, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.