This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme.