This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes two coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style .