This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two master bedrooms, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes three wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.