This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one other room, one storage room, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .