This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .