This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, three second bathrooms, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.