This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one storage room, one balcony, one kitchen, one stairwell, one other room, and three bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.