This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.