This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one other room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.