This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two corridors, one cloak room, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.