This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.