This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.