This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, one hallway, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.