This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one living dining room, one hallway, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one round end table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.