This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one aisle, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.