This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kids room, one living room, one other room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wine cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one round end table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.