This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one library, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.