This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has three master bathrooms, one bedroom, one elderly room, three kitchens, one hallway, one living dining room, one aisle, two master bedrooms, two second bathrooms, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.