This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one hallway, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one cloak room, one bedroom, one other room, one storage room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.