This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.