This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one non. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.