This house contains twenty-two rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one elderly room, one second bathroom, three balconies, one laundry room, one library, one living room, one storage room, one hallway, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one diningroom, one kitchen, one aisle, two other rooms, and three equipmentrooms. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.