This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, two living dining rooms, three bedrooms, one auditorium, one cloak room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom is completely empty.