This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, three bedrooms, two stairwells, one auditorium, two living rooms, one nanny room, one diningroom, one cloak room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes two armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The fourth bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .