This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two balconies, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one library, one elderly room, one corridor, one master bathroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .