This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, three bedrooms, one bathroom, one cloak room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.