This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one balcony, two other rooms, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises four ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.