This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, one storage room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes one round end table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .