This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one kids room, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one cloak room, one bedroom, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with European Classic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.