This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one hallway, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.