This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one other room, two bathrooms, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.