This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one other room, one diningroom, and one library. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one chair with Ming Qing style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.