This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one corridor, one kitchen, one bathroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material.