This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.