This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, two other rooms, one kitchen, one master bedroom, two master bathrooms, three second bathrooms, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.