This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living room, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, one terrace, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.