This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two other rooms, two bedrooms, one library, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .