This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one library, one corridor, one cloak room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.