This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one library, one master bathroom, one kids room, one hallway, one balcony, one bathroom, one stairwell, one living dining room, one bedroom, one cloak room, one kitchen, one aisle, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.