This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one diningroom, one living room, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one other room, one kitchen, and one library. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.