This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.