This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kids room, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material.