This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.