This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises four Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.