This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.