This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two kitchens, two living rooms, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises four dining chair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second living room includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.