This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises three wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .