This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one kids room, one other room, one cloak room, one bedroom, one laundry room, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .