This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, two balconies, one bedroom, two bathrooms, and one diningroom. Regarding the living room, it includes six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.