This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, two other rooms, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.