This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material.