This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two stool with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes four stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.