This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one library, one other room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.