This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.