This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one bedroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Leather material.