This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living room, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes three wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.