This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one hallway, one other room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains six chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.