This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one balcony, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one aisle, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.