This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises eight dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.