This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one aisle, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.