This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, two aisles, one master bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, two balconies, two bedrooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.