This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one aisle, two bathrooms, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme.