This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one corridor, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.