This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, one living room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.