This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes five dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.