This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bedrooms, one library, one kitchen, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two round end table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.