This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living room, two bathrooms, one diningroom, one library, one kids room, one aisle, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one dining chair with Minimalist style . Also, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.