This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one laundry room, two balconies, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material.