This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .