This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, one kids room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.