This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two balconies, one second bathroom, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one aisle, one master bathroom, and six other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style .