This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one laundry room, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.