This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.