This house contains nineteen rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, two bedrooms, one library, two kitchens, three second bathrooms, one elderly room, four other rooms, one master bedroom, and three master bathrooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.