This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, four bedrooms, two bathrooms, one kitchen, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom is completely empty. The fourth bedroom includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.