This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one kitchen, one diningroom, one laundry room, one kids room, one library, one living room, three balconies, one hallway, one corridor, one master bedroom, one aisle, one second bathroom, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes three coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two round end table with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.