This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one laundry room, one balcony, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .