This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises three stool with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.