This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.