This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.