This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.