This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one library, two bedrooms, one diningroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living room, one kitchen, two aisles, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .