This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, two other rooms, one second bathroom, one terrace, and one stairwell. Regarding the living room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom is completely empty.