This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .