This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kids room, one library, one lounge, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material.