This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, one library, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.