This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one bedroom, two other rooms, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.