This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one master bedroom, one bedroom, four other rooms, and one hallway. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.