This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bedroom, two other rooms, one master bedroom, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.