This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one other room, one bedroom, one storage room, two bathrooms, two kitchens, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.