This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, two balconies, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.