This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.