This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, two balconies, one master bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.