This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European Classic style . Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.