This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one other room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.