This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, two balconies, one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.