This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, one library, one second bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.