This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.