This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one library, two master bedrooms, one living room, one aisle, one master bathroom, one cloak room, one kitchen, and two corridors. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.