This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .