This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one library, one corridor, two bathrooms, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two chair with New Chinese style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.