This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one cloak room, two bathrooms, one library, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, two aisles, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.