This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes four chair with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style .