This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, one other room, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains nine barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises four nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.