This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one library, one balcony, one bedroom, two kitchens, one other room, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two barstool with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style .