This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one kids room, one living room, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedroom, it contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.