This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one living room, and three living dining rooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises twelve dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one round end table with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. The third living room, which is a living dining room contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The fourth living room, which is a living dining room includes eight dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with New Chinese style . Additionally, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.