This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bathrooms, two bedrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .