This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains eight dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .