This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one bathroom, one bedroom, one aisle, one master bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises three Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.