This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one aisle, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.