This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two barstool with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises three Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.