This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.