This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bathrooms, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.