This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style .