This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, two other rooms, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes three wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .