This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one corridor, one kitchen, one library, one master bathroom, one storage room, one living dining room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.