This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.