This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three master bathrooms, one bedroom, one hallway, one living dining room, two master bedrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.