This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, three bathrooms, one kitchen, two balconies, one living dining room, one courtyard, one other room, one aisle, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.