This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.