This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.