This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one library, two bedrooms, one diningroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, two aisles, one living room, one kitchen, and one cloak room. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .