This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, two aisles, two master bathrooms, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one kids room, one bathroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.