This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one storage room, two bedrooms, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.