This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, two bedrooms, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .