This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one lounge, one kitchen, one library, one balcony, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one cloak room, one diningroom, one other room, and one hallway. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.