This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one storage room, one kitchen, one balcony, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, two second bathrooms, one cloak room, one other room, one hallway, one library, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.