This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.