This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one other room, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.