This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.