This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains three Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.