This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kids room, one library, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises three wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.