This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, three bedrooms, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .