This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, two bedrooms, one laundry room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.