This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one corridor, three bedrooms, and one other room.  Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.