This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two balconies, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one lounge, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.