This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.