This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one balcony, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style .