This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes four chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains four stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.