This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .