This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes three coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.