This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, two balconies, two bathrooms, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one other room, one living dining room, one library, one aisle, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.