This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material.