This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.