This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living room, one bedroom, one kids room, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.