This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one aisle, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one kids bed, with Cartoon theme, and Leather material.