This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one living room, one corridor, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .