This house contains twenty-four rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one kids room, one library, one diningroom, one bedroom, two living rooms, nine other rooms, four master bedrooms, one aisle, one hallway, one second bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one is completely empty. The second living room includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The fourth bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The fifth bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material.