This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .