This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kids room, one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.