This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.