This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .