This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two bathrooms, two balconies, three other rooms, one kitchen, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, and four equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .