This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one hallway, two bathrooms, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.