This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.