This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living room, one other room, two balconies, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.