This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, two bathrooms, two bedrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.