This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, two bedrooms, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.