This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one master bathroom, one balcony, one diningroom, one library, one kids room, one bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one cloak room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.