This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, three bedrooms, one other room, one diningroom, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with New Chinese style , with Rivet theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material.