This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes three coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .