This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, two living rooms, two living dining rooms, two bedrooms, one other room, and two corridors. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second living room, which is a living dining room includes five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third living room, which is a living dining room comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The fourth living room comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.