This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one living dining room, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.