This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kids room, one library, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises three wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.