This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one hallway, one aisle, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.