This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one courtyard, one storage room, three bathrooms, one nanny room, one equipmentroom, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one aisle, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one round end table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.