This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, one kids room, two living dining rooms, one other room, one kitchen, and one corridor. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table, with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes four barstool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style .