This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two living rooms, two kitchens, two second bathrooms, two bedrooms, four master bedrooms, and two master bathrooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one is completely empty. The second living room comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The fourth bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The fifth bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The sixth bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.