This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one storage room, two balconies, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one library, one kitchen, two bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains eight dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.