This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one balcony, one aisle, one living dining room, one kitchen, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Also, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .