This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .