This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.