This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .