This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.