This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one other room, one balcony, and one corridor. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.