This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, four bathrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, and six other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.