This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one other room, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one dining table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.