This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Neoclassical style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.