This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.