This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style .