This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one storage room, one aisle, one kitchen, one hallway, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.