This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.