This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two balconies, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.