This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one living dining room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.