This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, two living dining rooms, one balcony, and four other rooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains four stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third living room, which is a living dining room contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Nordic style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.