This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one hallway, four bedrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The fourth bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.