This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living room, one library, two bedrooms, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.