This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one cloak room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one library, one bedroom, two bathrooms, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style .