This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, one corridor, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.