This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.