This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one balcony, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.