This house contains twenty rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one library, one kids room, one bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one bathroom, one cloak room, one kitchen, one corridor, one master bathroom, one lounge, one storage room, and six other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .