This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.