This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains four ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.