This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, four other rooms, one balcony, two bedrooms, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.