This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one cloak room, one aisle, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.