This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bathrooms, one kids room, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one bedroom, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.