This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two balconies, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one library, one elderly room, one corridor, one master bathroom, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.