This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living room, one bathroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.