This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme.