This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one corridor, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.