This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.