This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one kids room, one master bathroom, one other room, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material.