This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one hallway, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.