This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.