This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises four Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains two armchair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises five stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one round end table with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes three shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.