This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .