This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains four chair with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.