This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and two balconies. Regarding the living room, it contains five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style .