This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living room, one bathroom, three bedrooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.