This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one kids room, one living dining room, one kitchen, one corridor, one second bathroom, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.