This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one bedroom, one cloak room, one library, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.