This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, one balcony, one aisle, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.