This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, two bedrooms, one corridor, one master bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .