This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one laundry room, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.