This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three living rooms, one hallway, one bedroom, one diningroom, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. The second living room includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one round end table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The third living room comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises four nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.