This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, one bedroom, one hallway, one bathroom, one corridor, one cloak room, one master bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, and two other rooms. Regarding the living room, it includes two dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Neoclassical style . Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.