This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one other room, one corridor, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.