This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.