This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, two other rooms, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom is completely empty.