This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.