This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style .