This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, three equipmentrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, one other room, two bathrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.