This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one aisle, one hallway, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.