This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one kitchen, one storage room, one second bathroom, one other room, and two master bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains eight dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains five Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.