This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one hallway, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material.