This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one aisle, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, two balconies, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises three coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one round end table with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.