This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.