This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.