This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.