This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, three balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.