This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one corridor, two balconies, two bedrooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.