This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, two balconies, one kitchen, one bathroom, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.