This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with European Classic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.