This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.