This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, one other room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one kids room, one bedroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material.