This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.