This house contains eighteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, two balconies, six other rooms, one bedroom, one library, one laundry room, one hallway, one living dining room, one kids room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .