This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one bedroom, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .