This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises three coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains four wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.