This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.