This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two living rooms, one bathroom, one master bedroom, two other rooms, two bedrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second living room comprises six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .