This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two aisles, one other room, one cloak room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes four Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme.