This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, two kitchens, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, two bathrooms, one second bathroom, four other rooms, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains three coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes two wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.