This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, two aisles, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one other room, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.