This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .