This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one hallway, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains four pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.