This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, two balconies, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one living room, one hallway, one kitchen, one corridor, and two storage rooms. Regarding the living room, it includes five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .