This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one aisle, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .