This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises three Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.