This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, two master bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises three Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes nine nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composition material.