This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.