This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one library, one laundry room, one kitchen, one kids room, one master bathroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes four pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.