This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, one corridor, one other room, one cloak room, two bathrooms, one library, one kitchen, one diningroom, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two coffee table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .