This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, two aisles, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes two armchair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.