This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one living dining room, one lounge, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.