This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one bathroom, two balconies, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . The third bedroom includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.