This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two coffee table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.