This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one laundry room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.