This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, two balconies, two bedrooms, four other rooms, one terrace, one kitchen, one master bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .