This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one other room, one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, two bathrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style .