This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one balcony, one hallway, two equipmentrooms, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.