This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, two bedrooms, two balconies, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .