This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one other room, one bedroom, one storage room, two bathrooms, two kitchens, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.