This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one cloak room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.