This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one balcony, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, one library, one living room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.