This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, two living dining rooms, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one elderly room, one bedroom, one kids room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .