This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one kids room, one balcony, one bedroom, two other rooms, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes three dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.