This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.