This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one laundry room, one kids room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material.