This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, one bedroom, one kids room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .