This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, two aisles, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.