This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, two other rooms, one corridor, one bathroom, one balcony, one kids room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one laundry room. Regarding the living room, it comprises five dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.