This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, four other rooms, three kitchens, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.