This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .