This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one kitchen, one bedroom, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one living room, one balcony, one kids room, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.