This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and four other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains four pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.