This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.