This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, two bedrooms, one corridor, one bathroom, two kitchens, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.