This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one kids room, one lounge, one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains four pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.