This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, two kitchens, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one library, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.