This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one kids room, one living dining room, one kitchen, one library, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Ming Qing style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .