This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one other room, one aisle, and one cloak room. Regarding the living room, it comprises five dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .