This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, four bedrooms, one aisle, two balconies, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom is completely empty. The fourth bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.