This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises three wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.