This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one balcony, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style .