This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, four bedrooms, one aisle, one kitchen, one living dining room, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The fourth bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .