This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Neoclassical style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. The third bedroom contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.