This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, two master bedrooms, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room is completely empty. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes six chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The second bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The fourth bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .