This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes four armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.