This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes four chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.