This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, two aisles, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one kitchen, two bathrooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living room, it includes six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.