This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, one kids room, one kitchen, one aisle, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one bedroom, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes three Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.