This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, three other rooms, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.