This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one aisle, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.