This house contains twenty-one rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, two living rooms, three master bedrooms, one hallway, one master bathroom, one diningroom, two libraries, two bedrooms, five other rooms, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and one cloak room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second living room contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The fourth bedroom contains three nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The fifth bedroom is completely empty.