This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one lounge, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes four barstool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.