This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two balconies, one aisle, one corridor, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.