This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one diningroom, one bedroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material.