This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two master bedrooms, one bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one diningroom, and one library. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.