This house contains twenty rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one hallway, one laundry room, two aisles, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, two libraries, one kids room, two kitchens, six other rooms, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one round end table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .