This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, two balconies, one terrace, two equipmentrooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one laundry room, one bedroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .