This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two master bedrooms, two balconies, one other room, one bathroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.