This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one master bathroom, two balconies, one living room, two aisles, one library, one diningroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one other room, one cloak room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.