This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material.