This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living room, one bathroom, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.