This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one balcony, two other rooms, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .