This house contains eighteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, two balconies, six other rooms, one bedroom, one library, one laundry room, one hallway, one living dining room, one kids room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.