This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has four other rooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.