This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, two second bathrooms, two kitchens, two balconies, one kids room, two master bedrooms, one bedroom, two master bathrooms, one living dining room, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.