This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, three balconies, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.