This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two aisles, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.