This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two living dining rooms, one balcony, one bedroom, one kitchen, one library, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains three coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material.