This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.