This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, two bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains three barstool with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.