This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one master bedroom, one hallway, one aisle, one bathroom, one storage room, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.