This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one corridor, one bedroom, three balconies, two equipmentrooms, one bathroom, one diningroom, one living room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.