This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two living rooms, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one bathroom, two other rooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second living room comprises six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.