This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.