This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one living room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises two dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.