This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has two aisles, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one hallway, two balconies, one kitchen, one cloak room, two bedrooms, one other room, and one stairwell. Regarding the living dining room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises five chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material.