This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one round end table with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.