This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one bathroom, one aisle, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.