This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living room, one other room, one corridor, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.