This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one aisle, two bedrooms, two balconies, one living dining room, one hallway, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains two tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.