This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one other room, and one hallway. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.