This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one library, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one living room, one other room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The fourth bedroom contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material.