This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one diningroom, two bedrooms, one balcony, two other rooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.