This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one hallway, one corridor, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .