This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bathrooms, one library, two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one hallway, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .