This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one master bathroom, one balcony, one bedroom, one corridor, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains six armchair with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. The second bedroom contains two wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.