This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.