This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, one balcony, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, five other rooms, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes eight pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.