This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one balcony, two master bedrooms, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one other room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises three Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes three wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.