This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.