This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, two hallwaies, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one elderly room, one library, one kids room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.