This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.