This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, one corridor, one cloak room, one other room, one kids room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes three Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes six chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material.