This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one elderly room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, three other rooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises three Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.