This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.