This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three stairwells, one master bathroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, one library, one corridor, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.