This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one library, two bathrooms, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises four nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .