This house contains eighteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one elderly room, two balconies, three bathrooms, six other rooms, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living room, and one library. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.