This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style .