This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one aisle, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes four chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material.