This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two balconies, one elderly room, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one aisle, one laundry room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two chair with Ming Qing style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .