This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises three dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains three nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style . Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.