This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.