This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style .