This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two second bathrooms, one master bathroom, one living room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one library, one diningroom, one hallway, one other room, and two balconies. Regarding the living room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .