This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one other room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one cloak room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.