This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has four bedrooms, one master bedroom, two living dining rooms, one hallway, three other rooms, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one cloak room, one balcony, and one aisle. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two barstool with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The fourth bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .