This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has four other rooms, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and two second bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes six pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.