This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, two bedrooms, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.