This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, one aisle, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises three dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Nordic style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .