This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three living rooms, four other rooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third living room comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material.