This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .