This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes three Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.