This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one aisle, one cloak room, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material.