This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one bathroom, and six other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.