This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes five dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.