This house contains eighteen rooms. More specifically, it has five balconies, one second bathroom, one storage room, one library, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one living room, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kids room, two other rooms, and one corridor. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. The second living room includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material.