This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Leather material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.