This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bathroom, one kids room, one diningroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.