This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kids room, one library, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.