This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one hallway, one library, one corridor, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.