This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, two balconies, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .