This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, five other rooms, one balcony, two bedrooms, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Vintage style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.