This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has three other rooms, four living dining rooms, one balcony, one kids room, two bedrooms, two second bathrooms, one master bathroom, two master bedrooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second living room, which is a living dining room comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The third living room, which is a living dining room includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The fourth living room, which is a living dining room comprises two pendant lamp with European Classic style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The fourth bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.