This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one aisle, one living room, one bathroom, one other room, one kitchen, and one cloak room. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two barstool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.