This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises four pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.