This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, one library, one other room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.