This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living room, one kids room, one lounge, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, one diningroom, one equipmentroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two round end table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.