This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one library, one kids room, one master bedroom, one living room, one aisle, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains six dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style .