This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bathroom, one corridor, one hallway, one living dining room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom is completely empty.