This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three bedrooms, one living dining room, one hallway, one bathroom, one aisle, one kitchen, two equipmentrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. The third bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.