This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one balcony, one bedroom, one laundry room, one bathroom, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains three dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.