This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.