This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material.