This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.