This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, two kitchens, one living dining room, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes three dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .