This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one library, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one living dining room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.