This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.