This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one other room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one master bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.