This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one other room, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.