This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one aisle, one bedroom, one living dining room, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme.