This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one library, two second bathrooms, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one hallway, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one storage room, one aisle, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style .