This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style .