This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one hallway, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one cloak room, one equipmentroom, one other room, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes four armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme.