This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, one living dining room, two balconies, one aisle, four other rooms, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains seven dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.