This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bathrooms, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, two aisles, one other room, one storage room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises four Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .