This house contains eighteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one living dining room, four bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, one aisle, one hallway, one other room, two cloak rooms, one storage room, and two equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom is completely empty. The third bedroom is completely empty. The fourth bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.