This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises four Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.