This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one other room, two bathrooms, one living dining room, and five bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one round end table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The fourth bedroom contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.