This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the master bedroom, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.