This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one tv stand with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .