This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one hallway, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.