This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, three other rooms, one bedroom, two living dining rooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Nordic style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material.