This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises four chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.