This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has four bedrooms, two bathrooms, one living dining room, two aisles, one balcony, one kitchen, two other rooms, and three equipmentrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes five armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom is completely empty. The fourth bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.