This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one kids room, one master bedroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.