This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one kitchen, three bedrooms, one balcony, one library, one living dining room, one other room, one corridor, one hallway, three equipmentrooms, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .