This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one kids room, one living room, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one diningroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.