This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one laundry room, two bathrooms, one cloak room, one library, one master bedroom, one kids room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains eight dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains five wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.