This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, one balcony, two other rooms, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains seven dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises four ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains four ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.