This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one library, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one equipmentroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.