This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living room, one aisle, one kitchen, one other room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.