This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one corridor, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one laundry room, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.