This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one kids room, one library, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one storage room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes five ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Suede material.