This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one library, one balcony, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.