This house contains twenty-four rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, two living dining rooms, one balcony, one master bedroom, fifteen other rooms, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.