This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one library, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .