This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kids room, one master bedroom, two balconies, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dressing table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.