This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one laundry room, one equipmentroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes two Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one shelf with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.