This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two master bedrooms, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom is completely empty. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Lines theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes three wardrobe with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .