This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one balcony, one other room, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.