This house contains nineteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one bedroom, one kids room, one living dining room, three aisles, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one elderly room, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and five other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.