This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three bedrooms, one living room, one diningroom, two bathrooms, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .