This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .