This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, one bedroom, one library, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.