This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, one living dining room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Stone material.