This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one balcony, one bathroom, one living room, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.