This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one corridor, one other room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one round end table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises four wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.