This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one terrace, one living dining room, one other room, one bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.