This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, three equipmentrooms, two balconies, one bathroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.