This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes three pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom comprises two wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.