This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two balconies, one living room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes four wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.