This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Japanese style . Furthermore, it contains two stool with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.