This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two balconies, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.