This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material.