This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two other rooms, one living dining room, and two master bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains three chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.