This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one equipmentroom, one corridor, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one kitchen, one bathroom, one balcony, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material.