This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.