This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style .