This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one other room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.