This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, three bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .