This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and three bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises three ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.