This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three living rooms, four other rooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third living room includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material.