This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two balconies, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, and seven other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.