This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style .