This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.