This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, two balconies, one living dining room, one corridor, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises three coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.