This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one aisle, one hallway, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.