This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises three round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.