This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.