This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kids room, one second bathroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .