This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, two equipmentrooms, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one library, one second bathroom, one living room, one diningroom, one corridor, one bedroom, one bathroom, one nanny room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.