This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one library, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one aisle, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one round end table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.