This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table, with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style .