This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one storage room, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.