This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two living dining rooms, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, two aisles, one elderly room, one other room, two balconies, one library, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains ten dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.