This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one laundry room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two pendant lamp with European Classic style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.