This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one laundry room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with European Classic style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.