This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one storage room, two balconies, one kitchen, one master bathroom, two bedrooms, one hallway, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.