This house contains twenty-eight rooms. More specifically, it has three living dining rooms, two kids rooms, one balcony, two master bedrooms, two kitchens, three master bathrooms, ten other rooms, three bedrooms, one corridor, and one library. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second living room, which is a living dining room contains two pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.