This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one aisle, one bedroom, two kitchens, one master bathroom, and one non. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.