This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one corridor, one bathroom, one library, one master bathroom, one other room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.