This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.