This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one other room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises four Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .