This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.