This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one library, one master bedroom, one diningroom, one bedroom, one living room, two other rooms, and one corridor. Regarding the living room, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.