This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kids room, one master bedroom, three balconies, one bedroom, one kitchen, one other room, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.