This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises three Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .