This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two master bedrooms, one bedroom, one library, two balconies, one living dining room, one kitchen, one corridor, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes three coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom is completely empty.