This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one elderly room, one hallway, one kids room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.