This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two living dining rooms, seven other rooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .