This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one laundry room, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.