This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.