This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .