This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains three coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it contains two wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.