This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one storage room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.