This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, two balconies, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .