This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bathrooms, three bedrooms, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, one equipmentroom, one storage room, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes four pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with New Chinese style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. The third bedroom includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.