This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.