This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, two balconies, one hallway, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kids room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.