This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one kids room, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.