This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .