This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, two balconies, one second bathroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.