This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one second bathroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.