This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes five pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains four wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes five pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.