This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one master bedroom, two other rooms, one living dining room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one round end table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material.