This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style . Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material.