This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.