This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one living dining room, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material.