This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.