This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one coffee table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.