This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, three bedrooms, one bathroom, four other rooms, one living room, one diningroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one is completely empty. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.