This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one living room, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .