This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one laundry room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.