This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.