This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .