This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one hallway, one aisle, one lounge, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one library, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.