This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, three other rooms, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.