This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.