This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one library, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.