This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three bedrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.