This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one diningroom, one living room, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, two aisles, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one library, one kids room, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.