This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one elderly room, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .