This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one aisle, one living dining room, three bedrooms, two bathrooms, two balconies, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .