This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bathroom, one hallway, one master bedroom, one living dining room, two other rooms, one laundry room, one balcony, one second bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.