This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one kitchen, one living room, one hallway, one diningroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one dressing chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .