This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one hallway, one second bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.