This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bedrooms, one library, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.