This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one corridor, one bedroom, three balconies, two equipmentrooms, one bathroom, one diningroom, one living room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.