This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one aisle, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one library, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one balcony, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.