This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes four chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.