This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one living room, two bedrooms, one other room, two balconies, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains two dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.