This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one laundry room, one equipmentroom, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Also, it includes one desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.