This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one library, one corridor, one balcony, one master bedroom, and two bathrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.