This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.