This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.