This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, two balconies, one master bedroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one kids bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes three Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.