This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one living dining room, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.