This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes three dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.