This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one laundry room, one kitchen, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.