This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.