This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, two bathrooms, one corridor, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.