This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.