This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one balcony, three other rooms, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises three stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes three wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.