This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one kids room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, two bathrooms, and one aisle. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .