This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one library, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one elderly room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .