This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has four bedrooms, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one cloak room, one corridor, four equipmentrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises three coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. The fourth bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .