This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one other room, one kitchen, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains six chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style .