This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, five other rooms, one bathroom, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes five dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains three coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.