This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one laundry room, one library, two bathrooms, one cloak room, one bedroom, one kids room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes eight dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes five wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .