This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three bedrooms, one library, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, two aisles, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .