This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one nanny room, two bathrooms, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.