This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, three bedrooms, one kitchen, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises three coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.