This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one kitchen, two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes three coffee table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.