This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one cloak room, one bathroom, two hallwaies, one living room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second living room is completely empty. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.