This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one living room, one kids room, one bedroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, two aisles, two cloak rooms, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.