This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, four other rooms, three kitchens, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.