This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one aisle, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme.