This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one other room, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.