This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one kids room, four other rooms, one bedroom, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.