This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.