This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and three other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two ceiling lamp with European style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.