This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one other room, two bathrooms, one living dining room, and five bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes three coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European Classic style . The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The fourth bedroom comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.