This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, two balconies, one living dining room, one hallway, two kitchens, one cloak room, one aisle, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises six chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.