This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one master bedroom, one library, one living dining room, three second bathrooms, two kitchens, two kids rooms, one other room, and two master bathrooms. Regarding the living rooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second living room, which is a living dining room comprises six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one round end table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material.