This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.