This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kids room, one library, two second bathrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and two aisles. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .