This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one other room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.