This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, one corridor, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.