This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one hallway, one living dining room, one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.