This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.