This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one library, two bathrooms, one master bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes five pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.