This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, two kitchens, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kids room, two bathrooms, one second bathroom, four other rooms, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains three coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.