This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one aisle, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, and three bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two round end table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.