This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two balconies, one hallway, one living dining room, one corridor, one bathroom, one kitchen, one library, one bedroom, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style .