This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.