This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style .