This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, six bedrooms, one balcony, and five bathrooms.  Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The fourth bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The fifth bedroom includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. The sixth bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .