This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, two kitchens, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, two living dining rooms, one second bathroom, one corridor, six other rooms, and one cloak room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second living room, which is a living dining room comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.