This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.