This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living room, one hallway, one diningroom, one corridor, one library, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one cloak room, one second bathroom, one kids room, two balconies, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two chair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .