This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kids room, one library, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.