This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one library, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes three chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.