This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, one aisle, two bedrooms, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes three coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.