This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one aisle, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style .