This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one other room, one bedroom, one aisle, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with New Chinese style .