This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one other room, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one bathroom, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.