This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one aisle, two bathrooms, one living dining room, one other room, one kitchen, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .