This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one bathroom, one aisle, one kitchen, one balcony, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one round end table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.