This house contains thirty-three rooms. More specifically, it has seven living dining rooms, three hallwaies, six master bedrooms, six bedrooms, seven libraries, two aisles, one other room, and one corridor. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room contains five dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room comprises two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The third living room, which is a living dining room comprises six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two wine cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The fourth living room, which is a living dining room comprises six dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes two wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. The fifth living room, which is a living dining room contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The sixth living room, which is a living dining room contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The seventh living room, which is a living dining room is completely empty. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The fourth bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The fifth bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The sixth bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The seventh bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The last bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains three Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The last bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The last bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The last bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The last bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.