This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.