This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one hallway, one kitchen, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.