This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.