This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one hallway, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises three dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two barstool with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.