This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one corridor, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living room, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style .