This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one cloak room, one living room, two bathrooms, one aisle, one diningroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises five coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.