This house contains three rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the master bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.