This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one storage room, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.