This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one lounge, one kitchen, one living room, one kids room, one balcony, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, two hallwaies, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, one cloak room, one other room, and one storage room. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two stool with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two wine cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material.