This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .