This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it comprises six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.