This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one library, one bedroom, one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Kids style .