This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, two other rooms, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one corridor. Regarding the living dining room, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes five barstool with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two barstool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Stone material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.