This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one library, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, two bathrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains three dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it includes two chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.