This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one library, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, two other rooms, and two storage rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.