This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one kitchen, one kids room, one lounge, one living dining room, one master bathroom, three other rooms, one library, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material.