This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one living dining room, two other rooms, and one laundry room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.