This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, four bedrooms, one kitchen, two other rooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom contains three wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The fourth bedroom is completely empty.