This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three other rooms, one bathroom, one master bedroom, two balconies, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.