This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, one bathroom, one aisle, two bedrooms, one other room, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.