This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kids room, one master bedroom, one balcony, one hallway, one aisle, one living dining room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material.