This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one library, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .