This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one corridor, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .