This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, one diningroom, one aisle, one living room, one bathroom, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one stool with Mediterranean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .