This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living dining room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.