This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two other rooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes three pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.