This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, five bedrooms, one living dining room, one living room, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second living room comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with European Classic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The fourth bedroom includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The fifth bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.