This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, one balcony, two kitchens, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains three ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two barstool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .