This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one hallway, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes four pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.