This house contains sixteen rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one balcony, one elderly room, seven other rooms, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one kids room, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material.