This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one balcony, three bathrooms, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.