This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.