This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.