This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one corridor, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one kids room, one other room, and one equipmentroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises four Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises two armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.