This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one aisle, one other room, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .