This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, two master bedrooms, one library, and one other room.  Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. The fourth bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.