This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one laundry room, one balcony, one second bathroom, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one library, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material.