This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, two other rooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.