This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bathrooms, one kitchen, two balconies, three bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .