This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one aisle, one balcony, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.