This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one aisle, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises three wardrobe with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.