This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, one aisle, two other rooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.