This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one balcony, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, two other rooms, one kitchen, and one storage room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.