This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, one balcony, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style .