This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, two other rooms, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .