This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one kids room, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises six chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two stool with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.