This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one laundry room, one bedroom, two master bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.