This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kitchen, two bedrooms, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, one master bathroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with European Classic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains six chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.