This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains four barstool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme.