This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bathroom, three second bathrooms, one living dining room, one aisle, one master bedroom, one cloak room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.