This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, two kitchens, one hallway, one bathroom, one aisle, one bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedroom, it contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.