This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has three balconies, one bathroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one kids room, one bedroom, one living dining room, one corridor, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains three coffee table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one wine cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one round end table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material.