This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kids room, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.