This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes four armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.