This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one balcony, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.