This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has one corridor, two bedrooms, one living room, one balcony, one hallway, one other room, one bathroom, two second bathrooms, one kitchen, one master bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains three chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains two stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two barstool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.