This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, one kids room, one other room, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.