This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one other room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.