This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one balcony, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one laundry room, one library, one bedroom, one master bathroom, one other room, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.