This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.