This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one aisle, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.