This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, three bedrooms, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one library, one kitchen, one corridor, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.