This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one living dining room, three other rooms, one kitchen, one bedroom, one kids room, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Nordic style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.