This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, two other rooms, one kids room, one balcony, one bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.