This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Also, it includes one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.