This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one aisle, two bathrooms, one storage room, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it contains one desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.