This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, two bedrooms, one library, one living dining room, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises three wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.