This house contains twenty-three rooms. More specifically, it has eight other rooms, one living room, one kids room, one library, two living dining rooms, one elderly room, one storage room, one cloak room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one corridor, one hallway, one master bedroom, one diningroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains one armchair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third living room, which is a living dining room contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material.