This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kitchen, two other rooms, one living room, one master bathroom, two diningrooms, one balcony, one master bedroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains three barstool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.