This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one diningroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.