This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one desk with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.