This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.