This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, one bedroom, one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme. Also, it comprises two chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style .