This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains five ceiling lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises four wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.