This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one library, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.