This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it comprises five dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one round end table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.