This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, two other rooms, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises three wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style .