This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.