This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.