This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, and five other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one kids bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.