This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.