This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two kitchens, one balcony, four bathrooms, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material.