This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, one elderly room, one other room, one living dining room, one kids room, and two corridors. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Neoclassical style . Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.