This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .