This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one bathroom, one corridor, one balcony, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.