This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.