This house contains four rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .