This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one master bathroom, two balconies, one living room, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, two aisles, one diningroom, one library, one other room, one kitchen, and one cloak room. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style .