This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises three dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wine cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .