This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.