This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.