This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, three bedrooms, one living room, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material.