This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one second bathroom, one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one kitchen, one elderly room, one cloak room, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.