This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, one bathroom, one cloak room, and four other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains four chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.