This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, two bedrooms, one aisle, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one coffee table with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.