This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, two bathrooms, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. The third bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one kids bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.