This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, one library, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one bedroom, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.