This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one library, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material.