This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .