This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has three bedrooms, two living rooms, two bathrooms, one other room, one corridor, one diningroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living rooms, the first one contains one ceiling lamp with New Chinese style . The second living room contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes three pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.