This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one second bathroom, one library, two master bedrooms, one living room, one aisle, one master bathroom, two corridors, one cloak room, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.