This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises three pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.