This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one library. Regarding the living room, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.