This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one other room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.