This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bathroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.