This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, two bathrooms, one aisle, one library, two bedrooms, and one living room. Regarding the living room, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .