This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one living room, one balcony, two other rooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one round end table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedroom, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dressing chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.