This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, one other room, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises four chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .