This house contains fourteen rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one kitchen, one second bathroom, one living dining room, one library, one master bathroom, one elderly room, one corridor, two hallwaies, one master bedroom, one aisle, one other room, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the master bedroom, it includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.