This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one bedroom, two other rooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one wine cabinet with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.