This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one bedroom, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one equipmentroom, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes two dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.