This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one second bathroom, one library, two balconies, one living dining room, one hallway, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises four chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.