This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, two balconies, one master bathroom, one kids room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one kids bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.