This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, two bedrooms, one balcony, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains three nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style .