This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living room, one hallway, one bathroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two coffee table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one dining chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.