This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .