This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, one kitchen, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Sideboard with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.