This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kids room, one bedroom, two kitchens, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one balcony, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.