This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, four bathrooms, two other rooms, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one kids room, one library, one elderly room, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.