This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, two bathrooms, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dressing chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The third bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .