This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.