This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one bathroom, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.