This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one bathroom, one balcony, one kitchen, one aisle, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Japanese style , with Soft Case theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style .