This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one aisle, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises five dining chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.