This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, three balconies, one kitchen, one living dining room, one library, one master bedroom, one master bathroom, and one second bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dressing table with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.