This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one balcony, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains four Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.