This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has two corridors, one aisle, three bedrooms, one living dining room, one balcony, one kitchen, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes five dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom contains one king-size bed with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .