This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one kitchen, one bedroom, one diningroom, one master bedroom, one living room, one balcony, one kids room, two bathrooms, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .