This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one kids room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one balcony, one living dining room, one bathroom, one master bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains three pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes four wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.