This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bathroom, one kitchen, one living dining room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.