This house contains eighteen rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bathrooms, two kitchens, one elderly room, one balcony, one living room, one diningroom, one bedroom, one aisle, one master bathroom, three other rooms, one cloak room, one kids room, and one storage room. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises two wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.