This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has four bedrooms, one living dining room, one kitchen, one corridor, two aisles, two bathrooms, one lounge, two storage rooms, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one desk with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one kids bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. The fourth bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.