This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one hallway, two bedrooms, two balconies, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one library, one corridor, one master bathroom, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it includes two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two round end table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The third bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.