This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one aisle, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises six armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Ming Qing style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .