This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one living room, one library, one master bedroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, two other rooms, one bedroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living room, it comprises six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style .