This house contains fifteen rooms. More specifically, it has five other rooms, one living dining room, one kids room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one elderly room, one stairwell, one laundry room, one kitchen, one second bathroom, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises four chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .