This house contains five rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living dining room, two bedrooms, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains two dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material.