This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one storage room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, two bathrooms, and one kitchen. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it contains two loveseat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with New Chinese style . Furthermore, it includes one chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.