This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bathrooms, two bedrooms, one balcony, one kitchen, one living dining room, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one wine cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom includes one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.