This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, one living dining room, one master bedroom, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains six Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The second bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.