This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one aisle, one hallway, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, one bathroom, one master bedroom, and one bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two coffee table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one desk with Mediterranean style . Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.