This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.