This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has two bathrooms, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one bedroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises three dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes four chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains four stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one dressing table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dressing chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.