This house contains twelve rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, two bathrooms, two other rooms, one kids room, one bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, two balconies, and one library. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.