This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises eight dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.