This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two other rooms, one master bedroom, two bedrooms, and one master bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises four Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom includes one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.