This house contains eleven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, three bedrooms, one master bedroom, two other rooms, two master bathrooms, one kitchen, and one cloak room. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one wine cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one round end table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one dressing table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. The third bedroom includes one desk with Mediterranean style . The fourth bedroom contains one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.