This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, one master bedroom, one living dining room, one kitchen, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises six armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Ming Qing style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style .