This house contains seventeen rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, one library, three balconies, one living room, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, one master bedroom, one elderly room, two aisles, one kitchen, and four other rooms. Regarding the living room, it contains six dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Light Luxury style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style .