This house contains ten rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one kids room, one library, one living dining room, one balcony, one master bedroom, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains three wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.