This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one bedroom, one balcony, one hallway, one kitchen, one master bedroom, one aisle, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains three dining chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one loveseat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.