This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one bedroom, two balconies, one living dining room, one aisle, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one master bedroom. Regarding the living dining room, it contains four dining chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it comprises one kids bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .