This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, one living room, one diningroom, one aisle, one other room, one bathroom, and two bedrooms. Regarding the living room, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one wine cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.