This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, two bedrooms, one kitchen, one bathroom, and one balcony. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one dining table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises four Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one loveseat sofa with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The second bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.