This house contains thirteen rooms. More specifically, it has two balconies, two bedrooms, one master bedroom, one living room, two aisles, one master bathroom, one second bathroom, one kitchen, one diningroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living room, it contains one pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom contains one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.