This house contains six rooms. More specifically, it has one master bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom, two living dining rooms, and one bedroom. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room is completely empty. The second living room, which is a living dining room contains four dining chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with European style . Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes one nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Kids style . The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style .