This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one living dining room, one bathroom, one kitchen, and one other room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes five dining chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one loveseat sofa with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . The second bedroom includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.