This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one balcony, one elderly room, one master bedroom, one kids room, and two other rooms. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises six dining chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains five ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the master bedroom, it contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two pendant lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one dressing table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.