This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one balcony, two bedrooms, one living room, two bathrooms, one kitchen, one aisle, and one other room. Regarding the living room, it contains four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one pendant lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one loveseat sofa with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one loveseat sofa with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one shelf with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.