This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has one living dining room, one kitchen, one bedroom, one master bedroom, one library, one other room, one balcony, and one bathroom. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one pendant lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one coffee table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one dressing chair with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one king-size bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style .