This house contains thirty-four rooms. More specifically, it has seven living dining rooms, three hallwaies, six master bedrooms, six bedrooms, seven libraries, two other rooms, two corridors, and one aisle. Regarding the living rooms, the first one, which is a living dining room includes one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two coffee table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The second living room, which is a living dining room includes two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one wine cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. The third living room, which is a living dining room contains two dining chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes two coffee table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains four stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one l-shaped sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. The fourth living room, which is a living dining room contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one tv stand with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two dining table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains two wine cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. The fifth living room, which is a living dining room includes six dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes two coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains two wine cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. The sixth living room, which is a living dining room contains one pendant lamp with Industrial style . Furthermore, it comprises one coffee table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The seventh living room, which is a living dining room includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Sideboard with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The third bedroom, which is a master bedroom comprises one nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The fourth bedroom includes two nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one dressing table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. The fifth bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains two nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one dressing table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The sixth bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The seventh bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one dressing table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The last bedroom contains one nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one pendant lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises three Corner cabinet with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. The last bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . The last bedroom comprises two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The last bedroom, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one king-size bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one dining chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. The last bedroom contains two nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.