This house contains nine rooms. More specifically, it has one kitchen, two balconies, one master bedroom, one bedroom, one lounge, one second bathroom, one master bathroom, and one living dining room. Regarding the living dining room, it includes four dining chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one coffee table with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one dining table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one, which is a master bedroom includes two nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one king-size bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. The second bedroom comprises two nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one tv stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.