This house contains seven rooms. More specifically, it has one library, one kitchen, one living dining room, one other room, one bedroom, one master bedroom, and one kids room. Regarding the living dining room, it contains five dining chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two pendant lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one coffee table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one dining table with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one three-seat / multi-seat sofa with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Sideboard with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises five ceiling lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes four wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one dressing table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one dining chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. The second bedroom, which is a master bedroom contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one king-size bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one dressing table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.