This house contains eight rooms. More specifically, it has two bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen, one balcony, one living dining room, one hallway, and one aisle. Regarding the living dining room, it comprises four dining chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme. Additionally, it contains two pendant lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one coffee table with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one tv stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining table with Southeast Asia style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one l-shaped sofa with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Regarding the bedrooms, the first one contains one nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one king-size bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one ceiling lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one dining chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. The second bedroom contains one nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one king-size bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one pendant lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.